Photo with the champion, 5 bucks!

Take a picture with Hanko Harrigton.

Photo with the champion, only 5 bucks!

Hank Harrigan - the guy from Brooklyn.

Hey girl, how you doing?

Who is this?

Are you not watch TV? It's hunk 
Harrigan.

Want to be photographed with him?

What is he, drunk?

Get on over there.

No, thank you.

Hey, wait! Where are you going?

Are you not a patriot?

Movie Sam Henry Cass

I told you, it doesn't work.

Look what he's doing!

The film was shot. Michael Badalucco, 
Ray Mancini.

Fireworks! Who needs fireworks!?

Holt Makalani, Nicholas Turturro

Fireworks! What do you want?

There are eight millimeter, 
explosive, hand grenades...

Hand grenades?

Yes, real hand grenades; see!

Is that the new fireworks?

Very easy to apply: pull the ring and 
you're done!

The whole planet to hell will fly!

Steve Buscemi, Samuel El Jackson, Ann 
Miara

...cool thing! Okay, think about it.

Hi, Les!

Long time no see!

I heard you were dead.

I was a student.

Studied?!

<u> He studied cinematography.</u>
Cinematography?!

Yes.

Everything about the movie, huh?

Everything about the movie.

I also know a little about the movie. 
At the time I sold the camera.

Well, Yes.

Tony Sirico, Jennifer Beals, John 
Turturro

And who will you be an actor?

Director.

That's good. Very good. As Stalone, 
right?

Like that.

Remember when he shot John Travolta 
in Saturday fever-2?

That was a good one!

Yes.

Where did you go?

In California.

Great! Went to Disneyland?

Not yet.

They say it is something unreal:

Mickey, goofy and all that. I'd like 
to go there.

Well, Yes.

Fireworks! Who fireworks?

Composer. Bill Blum, in collaboration 
with George SOLOM

What are you shooting?

I'm actually making a movie about 
this quarter...

About this quarter?

I think it will be interesting.

Will interview and all that?

Definitely.

Interview me!

Well.

Ready?

Today we're talking with Joe Head, a 
native of this area.

It may be better to use my real name?

So it will be more correct.

Real name? I thought the head is your 
last name.

No. Real name Gladden.

Joe Head. local virgin

Head is just a nickname; someone 
somehow

I joked that my head is big...

Today we're talking with Joe 
Gladdened, indigenous

a resident of this district. Joe, how 
do you feel here?

Well.

Anything else?

You know how it is, everything changes

people are born and die.

The liberals are buying up all the 
mansions.

Does it bother you?

Bit.

These women are yuppies, they like 
ice...

Operator. Chuck Levy

...they completely ignore you.

Maybe they think they're above it. I 
do not know.

Actually, I somehow managed to meet 
one.

Took her to my grandmother's house,

cooked dinner, opened a bottle of 
wine...

You live with your grandmother?

Well, Yes. I'm by myself. Left parent

the house last year.

So what were you talking with that 
girl?

Well, I asked her if she wanted to 
watch porn

to relax a little.

Porn?

Nothing hard.

What happened next?

Then came my grandfather, damn him! 
Started to resent

what I'm going through his films 
without his knowledge.

And the girl left?

I was ashamed and I left.

Leaving her alone?

Yes. I think my grandfather did 
things to her.

Producers.Lisa Bruce and Robert Nixon

Can you imagine?!

Hey, buddy! Hey! Hello, Head! Have 
you heard about Jimmy?

Jimmy The Who?

Jimmy over there.

Rather, Jimmy here.

No, no. One-Eyed Jimmy.

Jimmy.!
Jimmy.!

<u> Yes.</u>
What is it?

What is this crap?

This is Les, he is making a film 
about the quarter.

And who is this?

Operator.

Similar to Mr. Magoo.

He's from California.

Only change my name...

Jr. local thief

Why?

Just someone wants to kill me.

Long story; nothing special.

Who Hacettepe?

Yes this bloody idiot Lefty.

My cousin Lefty?
The same Lefty.

If you're watching this, Lefty get!

Director and screenwriter. Sam Henry 
Kass

Bastard!

What happened?

I stole his car.

Why did you do it?

There is a misunderstanding. I didn't 
know it was his car.

What happened to Jimmy.?

He was gone.

Gone where?

Just gone. It's been two days. I was 
just coming home to him.

I'll go with you.

In the search for one-eyed Jimmy.

Les, let's go.

Go ahead, Mr. Magoo. Me.

Younger, something I somehow not on 
itself.

The last time I have stolen your 
pants.

It stinks in here.

Put on your Bathrobe! What's wrong 
with you?

Hello, Mrs..

Oh, Junior!

I apologize for my appearance. We all 
cannot find the place myself!

Come in, come in.

Hi, ed and Tommy.

Tommy and ed.

Hi, Junior!

How's it going, guys?

Joe, have a seat.

Hi guys.

Joe Head, right?

Yes.

God, Yes, he had a really huge head.

Joe, you have a head size?

Don't know 12.

Lord Jesus!

Guys, meet Les. He's making a movie.

Hi. Ed..

Hi. Tommy..

And this is my father Harold..

Have a seat. The chair over there.

Heard about my son Jimmy?

Yes. I'm really sorry.

He was gone. Once and was gone, 
vanished into thin air.

What can you do...

You know, Les is making a movie about 
this quarter.

With many it seems, talking.

Maybe he will be able to find out 
anything about Jimmy,

on his whereabouts.

With God's help...

I can't believe what a huge head!

Les, what do you say we get 
interviews?

Happily, if you don't mind.

I don't mind.

Why not.

Tell the old man to a Bathrobe tie. 
His dick sticking out.

Hey, dad.

The old man's huge cock, right, mom?

Shut up.

Okay, let's start.

Want me something to sing to begin 
with?

Ed.. one of the brothers.

It's not necessary.

As you wish.

Ed, I understand missing your brother 
Jimmy.

Yes, that's right.

When did you see him last?

Can I just explain?

Of course.

You know that my brother Jimmy's 
glass eye?

Really?

Tommy.. one of the brothers.

He is not very well fixed and is 
moved from place to place...

When he lost his eye?

About 4 years ago.

I was just in shock!

Did you know that your brother is 
missing one eye?

No, I didn't.

But that explains a few things...

Like what?

Now I remember about 4 years

ago that Jimmy was acting kind of 
weird.

How? As my Jimmy could behave?

In my opinion,

his behavior suddenly became strange.

Perhaps life was starting to feel 
like Jimmy insoluble riddle.

He seemed to have lost their clarity.

Well you bent.

Stop.

Maybe Jimmy ran away from home?

I understand it. What a family!

An old man with his farm out!

Damn! It Lefti! I have to go, dude!

Come on! Come on! Catch me! Catch!

How's life?

What happened? He stole your car.

Yes, he stole my car...

And then sold it to my brother.

Who, Lanny?

No, the other.

George?
Yes, another brother.

Frankie?

Yes, Frankie. Well, he's a jerk! 
Didn't even know what to buy

my stolen car. I was going to sell it 
to him.

So you would anyway have sold it to 
Frankie?

Well, Yes. Incredible!

How do you do? Lefty Gladden.

You know, Les grew up in these places!

Really? Me too.

Junior said he lost Jimmy..

Jimmy there?

Jimmy here.

<u> A One - Eyed Jimmy? <u> A One - 
Eyed Jimmy.</u>

No kidding? Where did he go?

Nobody knows.

Lefty,

and what do you know about Jimmy?

Who is that?

He's with me.

A strange...

Bit.

So what do I know about Jimmy...

Lefty Gladden. the owner of the car

He's from a good family. I know him 
forever.

His brothers ed and Tommy are the 
good guys.

Yes, ed and Tommy are the good guys.

And he worked for, Jimmy?

Brought the children across the road.

Jimmy loved children.

Yes, Jimmy loved children.

It's not easy to control traffic

to translate the children and all 
with one eye.

In fact, it tried to fire, but Jimmy

regularly come to work every day.

Jimmy was devoted to his work.

He went to school before his 
disappearance?

He had part-time employment.

Three days a week. He translated 
children

exclusively on the right side of the 
street.

Translated children exclusively on 
the right side of the street?

He was just there and saw oncoming 
traffic.

You know, if you want to know about 
Jimmy more

let's talk with Disco Bean.

Who's Disco Bean?

Who's Disco Bean?! He is the best

dancer in Brooklyn. He is the friend 
of Jimmy.

I thought Disco anymore.

He died? And nobody told me.

No. I'm talking about the style of 
music: disco.

Does anyone still dancing disco?

In General it is. Only he doesn't say.

For him it is a very touchy subject.

Yes, a very touchy subject.

Come on, I know where to find it.

Lord! Incredible!

It's Younger and he's got my car!

See you later, Shorty!

And here is the Disco Bin.

Disco Bin. a local celebrity.

This guy is stuck in time.

Yeah, but he's a cool dancer!

Let's go talk with him.

You go, and I'll wait here.

Why?

Bean is very temperamental. He 
doesn't like it when it separates 
from the case.

I'll be careful.

It's your business.

Good move.

Good move... you Yourself move well!

I'm the best. Number one! Disco Bean!

And why are you dancing in the 
warehouse?

Are you one of those crazy employers?

And where am I supposed to dance in 
the library?

I'm a free hearted man. I need the 
space!

This is my ballroom,

and that's where I come up with new 
moves.

I see you are copying my moves, Joe!

Hey Joe, I see how you imitate me!

I wanted to talk to you about Jimmy..

What about him?

You know what he's missing?

The first time I hear it.

As far as I know, you were with Jimmy 
when he lost his eye.

Yes. I found him.

How did you find him? What do you 
mean?

Point the camera at me! Point the 
camera at me!

Yes, I Brooklyn Baryshnikov, damn it!

How did this happen?

With Jimmy? <u> Yes.

I was minding my own business on the 
dance floor,

and Jimmy was partying with T. R. in 
that corner.

Having fun with T. R.?

Some slut was giving him head, I 
don't remember her name

in my opinion Regina. They are still 
at each other shooting...

Shot each other?

You all need to chew something?

Pellets shot from toy guns.

In short, I'm here, dancing, and 
Jimmy over in the corner...

together with T. Ar. Both fired at 
each other.

Jimmy cums in her mouth, she turns 
away to spit.

At this point, Jimmy is about to 
leave when suddenly

notice that the girl's going to spit 
his gift.

He told her, and said, save it for 
yourself, baby.

Then he turns around and - ahhh!

She shot him straight in the eye.

Look, eyes somewhere rolled...

I immediately turn off the music, 
took out a handkerchief and look up 
from the floor.

Somewhere I read that these things 
need to be kept cold.

What body part fell off, it should

need to be placed in the cold before 
the arrival of doctors.

The only cold item appeared

a can of Coca Cola. I opened the jar 
and threw it in there eyes.

At this time the doctors arrive,

I stretch one jar of the drink.

And he decided that I did want to 
thank this way.

He was about to drink, when suddenly

I was screaming: Stop! There eyes!

As a result of it not sewn.

In the quarter and did just what I 
said, what I am a hero.

Even presented the letter. That's the 
whole story.

Wow story!

We do not get bored.

Come on, help me to practice.

I? And how can I help?

I need a partner...

...to learn a new movement.

I can't.

Come on, I'm not a faggot.

No, really.

Come on, man!

I'm serious.
I'm not a faggot.

I feel really weird.

I think I'm a fag?

No.

Well. Now relax.

I need help. Relax.

There is nothing complicated.

Trust me, I'm a man. I am.

What's the matter? Relax.

Yay! Finally, you move like human 
beings! Yes! Yes! That's a lot!

Oh, shit.

Look what you did with the pants made.

What you did with the pants made?!

Get out of there! Take your camera 
and get out!

All. The shooting ended!

Junior, buy yourself new glasses 
finally!

All right, let's go!

Get outta here, man. You're here 
blurred. Go on, get out!

I had the opportunity to shoot truly

good movie, something truly 
extraordinary...

The whole story with Jimmy....

If he suddenly turns up dead, God 
forbid, it means not destiny.

And suddenly happens something 
unexpected

and we'll be lucky. Maybe we'll even 
get some reward.

Can't believe it!

Oh, look who's coming...

Will not help homeless animals?

I beg your pardon?

Homeless animals. Animals without 
shelter.

Would you like to make a donation?

And what of the animals?

Cats, dogs, horses.

Zebras, giraffes, lions.

We are all equal.

This worldwide event.

Is that all? Who is it going to help?

All the fines.

Buy a lottery ticket. Win
Buick 79.

When drawing?

The 15th of September.

It's the last month.

Huh?! Have we missed a joke?

Why are we not informed?

It is now clear why we have not sold 
a single ticket.

Talk to you soon.

But the Magician?

Hi, Les! Sit down! Sit down.

And you look good on the dance floor.

I saw with my own eyes how these two 
wanted to kill each other.

He shot at me.

And now they sit at the same tables 
and

trying to resolve peacefully.

Negotiation is the best solution to 
all problems. Am I right, guys?

Yes, Yes. There is a 
misunderstanding. It happens.

So you're not going to steal his car?

For the umpteenth time?

Both times.

You know what the cars doing: if only

to fool the buyer. One of the other 
not distinguish.

You didn't know that this car Lefty?

She seemed a bit familiar, but each

local chick I, too, seems a bit 
familiar.

Each local chick...

Like it?!

Cool, man.

Hey, guys, stop it!

What is wrong with you?! I thought we 
agreed on everything.

Dude, you broke my glasses! I posted 
37.50.

Use super-glue and everything will be 
fine.

Glue will not help here. Points cover!

Look, I've got one pair. I'll buy her.

What do I do with your glasses? These 
customized!

Maybe in the shop they will repair 
for free.

You have a warranty?!

Maybe there is.

Come on! No offense? Come here, come 
here.

You know, this story with Jimmy I was 
so intrigued.

I think we should inform the police.

I want to say the family haven't done?

No, did not.

Maybe we should tell them?

Yes, of course.

Tu mi cuando, man.

This is the only picture Jimmy?

What do you dislike?

Don't know

I think it's kind of weird.

I bet he's stoned.

So what! Yourself that you never 
tried?

How do you, Holly?

Bit more more capillaries on the nose.

Ellen, you know, not an Amateur in 
the business.

She teaches drawing at the prison.

That's a lot better. He has a lot of 
damaged capillaries...

Add a couple more.

What a freak!

Have you tried to contact the police?

Maybe they can help.

My ex-husband is a COP. They will not 
help.

It will not be worse. In the end they 
have more people.

Look, honey, I want to call the cops 
call.

Overall it's just a bunch of cowardly 
wimps.

Wow!

Like?

Yes, he is handsome.

Yes.

Why not use photography?

Make a few copies and stick to the 
leaflet.

And what can be done.

Want to use a photo, please!

Every idiot considers himself an 
expert.

She called me an asshole?

She's talking about me.

Well.

Mrs., you won't mind

if we consider one leaflet to the 
police?

Do what you want.

I don't mind. Come tomorrow, 
everything will be ready.

Well.

You write portraits?

Just asking.

Good morning, red hook. It is 6:02 
am, outside the window

12 degrees and most of you are 
unemployed.

Remember, job center opens at 9 sharp.

Don't be late.

Hey, Les!

Les!

Hey, Les!

Yo, Les!

Les!

Someone saw Jimmy. Let's go!

You get to Les!

Head, come on, get in!

As I tired!

Come on, get in.

A second. This is my car.

What the hell are you doing in my car?

Is this your car? I didn't know that.

Wow! What's true is your ride?

Yes! That's my car!

Okay, okay. You're driving.

Remember I said that all cars are the 
same.

Now you know what I mean?!

Junior, stay away from my car.

Don't worry.

One guy says he saw Jimmy.

Normal people don't roam the streets 
at this hour.

At work we still do not go.

Fuck that, tell him the truth.

We just drove around and suddenly we 
see...

On my car.

A pure misunderstanding.

...so we went and met Colonel Ron!

Stopped to talk to him.

Who's this Colonel Ron?

One local man. He served in Vietnam.

The Colonel?

In fact, he's a psycho, but he said 
that he saw Jimmy.

When he saw him?

I don't know... I had to ask.

You can trust him?

Though he is crazy, but not lying.

Yes, he's not.

Let's go talk to him.

Keys maybe you have.

And here is handsome.

Get In The MAG!

E! Little Magician is not lost!

This is it, Colonel Ron.

Is he fishing?

He's a geezer.

And he saw Jimmy?

Said.

How are you doing, Colonel Ron!

Fishing without permission.

He's a psycho.

And it's safe here? Anyone in the 
area.

What could be safer?

Well, soldier, let's get 50!

I beg your pardon?

A discussion of the orders of a 
superior officer, improper

posture, no shape, bad breath!

My breath smells?

Is not the word!

OK, screw push-UPS. Go brush your 
teeth, that's an order soldier!

Colonel Ron, we wanted to talk about 
Jimmy.

And who are you?

Joe's Head.
Joe's Head, sir!

You can call me Joe.

Come quickly and give me 50, private!

I also have breath?

Colonel Ron, can I ask you a few 
questions about Jimmy?

Bring it on, stinky!

Where exactly did you see Jimmy today?

Who's asking the questions here?

I thought I was.

Keep it up, Mr. stench.

You say that you saw today, Jimmy.

True.

Where did you see it?

In the water.
In the water?

And who are you?

You know me, I , Jr.!

A residence permit there?

I am a citizen.

And a library card?

No.

In this case, you're an idiot. 
Continue with questions.

Colonel Ron, do you mind if I turn on 
the camera?

You work for the Pentagon?

No.

Then why waste my time?

It does not take much time.

You Mike Wallace?

No.

William Scott? Connie Chung? Pat 
Sajak, Arsenio Hall?

No.

Okay, buddy,

turn on your camera.

So, you say you saw Jimmy in the 
water.

Colonel Ron. local psychopath

True.

He swam?

The answer is no.

You lose $ 100, and we move on to the 
next player.

You say that you saw it in the water.

I saw in the water reflection. In 
fact, he was behind me.

You said something?

He just asked when the next lunar 
Eclipse.

Something not like him.

Actually he has a lower voice.

That's not what I meant...

Read better book!

He's still on the brain I will drip!

To drip on the brain?! To drip on the 
brain?!

What is this expression?

He says, you put it crudely.

I put it crudely?

He's the Pope or the employee filling?

I think this rodent was played 
megalomania.

It is quite possible.

What did he say?

Back to Jimmy. His behavior was 
anything unusual?

It has something to do with me 
dripping on the brain?

No.

Just asking. Come on, stinks on!

He was aware of where is where?

He said he goes to the store and I 
asked to buy me a sandwich.

It was a few hours ago.

That is, he was going to come back?

You are surrounded with the finest 
shit.

Yes, Einstein, he said he'll be back.

Do not worry, he is rude to me.

Hey, there he is!

Jimmy, what took you so long?!

It's not Jimmy..

It's not him. You said that you saw 
him.

It's not the..

The names I don't know. You asked me 
if I one-armed Jimmy.

No! I asked about the one-eyed Jimmy. 
Jimmy.! One-eyed!

I one-armed Jimmy.

Nice to meet you.

Brought my sandwich, Jimmy?

I told you not to listen to this 
nerds.

Nerds? Who you calling nerds?

If I hadn't shot a member in Vietnam

I would now be pissed at you.

If you don't shot a member in Vietnam

I'd have it ripped out and shoved up 
your ass!

Hey, come back here and defend 
yourself like a man, you filthy 
bastard!

At the chink and it was more courage!

Brush your teeth, buddy! Clean!

When you say missing this man?

About 4, 5 days ago.

Who is that?

This is Mr. Magoo.

Free, Mr. Magoo! And sticking with 
this thing.

He speaks English?

Detective Muldoon. local nerd.

Get out! Get out of here before the 
whole!

So, is your friend. When he was gone?

Like I said 4 or 5 days ago.

Your name?

My name?

Yes, who are you?

I - Donald.

Donald? <u> Yes.

What else, Donald?

Donald Trump.

Donald Trump.

True.

Do you live nearby?

In the center.

Where exactly?

On the 5th Avenue. The corner of 
57th. Tall gold building, you know?!

You about trump tower?

Yes, exactly. Where I live.

I'm sorry, Donald, you have a minute?

Of course.

What's going on?

I'm risking by being here. I'm not 
allowed to give themselves.

It's your picture on the wall.

No, no, this is my cousin. We are 
like him. Dude, all wrong.

With today's technology it is

easy to catch and imprison anyone.

And free people like I have to fight 
for their future.

And it's true.

Now check the computer, maybe 
something will show up.

But I must say, the chances are small,

especially if he does not want to be 
found.

This is the case?

How do I know! Just giving you all 
possible options.

Well, thanks for the help.

Not worth it.

Good luck, chief.

All the best, Donald.

Thanks for the help.

Hey, take a picture with Hanko 
Harrigton! A real man!

Champion!

Hi, Ed.

Hi guys. Head, how are you?

How are you?

Les, right?

How's it going?

Hi, Lefty.

Ed, how are you?

Hank...something unimportant.

Probably, it was necessary to by 
spike Lee.

I like this Shorty. So funny.

No news?

No,

all is quiet.

Do not worry, soon everything will be 
fine. I can feel it.

Hope. And then the mother's going 
crazy. And my old man,

he actually had a strange reaction to 
bad news.

What?

What?

I mean reaction.

Well, he has...

Whenever he gets nervous, he stands 
up.

This by itself turns out. Someone in 
the chest

aches, someone has a migraine, my old 
man boner.

And what does he do?

Chasing mother around the house. 
She's angry...

What a family you have, ed!

Yeah.

What's that?

A familiar car.

Family.: Jimmy with me. If you want it

to see alive, put in a bag of $ 
10,000.

Is that all?

What means all this? 10000 is a lot 
of money.

I don't think it's worth it.

What to do with the money? It doesn't 
say what to take.

You're not familiar with this machine?

Leave the bag under the 3rd tank on 
the old...

Refining...
Refining plant.

Money needs to be in place at 10 PM...

If you notice you somewhere publi...

Nearby...

...nearby, the deal is off.

How do we know that's true?

Lord!

It looks like a glass eye Jimmy.

It's more like a toy ball.

Glass eyes toy-like balls.

Really? I didn't know.

The color, however, is not the same.

And the color of Jimmy's eyes?

I don't know the urea-green.

Here is a little yellowish.

You think?!

What do you think, Les?

I think we should take this to the 
police.

Look, I don't want to bother with it.

It will take all day, and I found 
that things are not so hot.

Hey, ed, since we're here, I want to 
take a picture with Hank?

Well. $ 5.

No discount?

Okay, 4 bucks.

And in debt?

What are you, dumb?

A small cash problem. Yeah, okay, ed, 
I promise, I'll pay.

Come on, get up.

Careful, careful.

Well.

Look, I know what my son's eyes.

This clearly belongs to Jimmy.

Mom, don't know the colour, some not 
so.

And then the color, stupid! I'm 
telling you, it's

Jimmy's eyes. You talk about color...

Well. Well.

To help better folded.

Why are you here doing Laundry?

Elevator in the building broke, and I 
can't go down to the basement.

Mrs., you have a stain on the shorts.

Where?

Right in the center.

Ah, Yes. Stains.

Try the ginger lemonade. I have 
stains.

How do we take the 10 Grand?

Don't look at me. I nettacki money.

Me too. Besides, we have no 
guarantees.

It is possible we will not be able to 
return the money.

Money down the drain.

What did you say?

Nothing.

You may have to contact Keith.

! I so owed him for the business.

Who is Keith?

He's a local Rockefeller.

Go talk to him. If need be, pawn your 
business.

To lay my business?! Mom, are you

it's not fair! I've just started.

We are talking about your brother! Go 
and talk to this whale!

Okay, I will.

Now!

Hi, Keith.

Listen, don't call me no more Keith. 
I spent 6 months

in the Bahamas, has lost 100 pounds. 
Now I'm a Snake.

Understand?!

Understood. Looking good.

What's the matter?

Look at this.

I didn't write.

No, no, Keith, that is a Snake, I'm 
not saying you wrote it.

It threw out of the car. They say 
that they have my brother.

Which brother?

My brother Jimmy.

The one with the eye?

<u> Yes. <u> Bum fucking.</u>

Know.

Want to pay for it 10 Grand?

The mother is going through.

I know him all my life, you fucking 
loser.

He eyes and then lost when his mouth 
took.

I didn't know that.

The way it was. She's out there 
trying, and eyes.

Maybe you should talk to my mother,

convince her that it's a waste of 
money.

You can't say this. It's her son.

Yes, you're right.

Is there proof that they got it?

They sent this.

This is what his eyes?

Well, Yes.

Like a toy ball.

Glass eyes toy-like balls.

Who are you?

Joe Gladden.

Son, Frankie Heads?

Exactly.

The grandson of Vinnie's head, right?

Wow!

What's your head size?

I do not know.

Probably the 13th.

How do you think, Keith, you're not...

Snake!

I'm sorry. Snake. You lend him money?

Borrow. Why not.

You wait here. Guard the entrance.

Okay.

Of course. Thank you.

Want 10 thousand? Will return 15.

Not a lot?

And who are you?

It Les.

He makes a film.

You're making a movie, mate?

Come on, turn the camera and take 
this.

Ready? <u> Yes.

A shot of some of this:

Snake. local people-Sberbank

Know what it is? This is my out of 
pocket expenses.

This tutu is fun, and that
for a snack.

And this bundle for business.

Going to teach me the business? I 
don't think so, buddy.

The snake does not tolerate tips.

You're right, Snake.

So, what do you want?

Want to pay the ransom, hoping to 
return a klutz?

Or forget the whole thing?

What was it?

Lunch.

I'll take the money.

You can't have any.

First Snake read the rules.

Joe, how are you?

Junior!

What's new?

Ed inside with Keith. Discussing 
something.

What are you doing here, guard?

Well, Yes. Guard.

By the way, Keith no longer wants to 
be a whale.

Now he is a Snake. He dropped 100 
pounds in the Bahamas.

Really? The may also be doing this.

Pull the figure, in a sense.

I'm broke.

Don't worry, I'll help.

I have connections, man. My uncle 
Pepe works for the airlines.

Okay.

Decide to use an alternative plan, 
will

to pay 500 bucks a week over 30 weeks.

Rate may be increased.

Will produce 10 pieces, I'll cut 5 
hundred. Understand?

Turn off the camera!

By the way, long time since your 
father saw. Is it still working?

He was on sick leave.

The same thing again? <u> Yes.

Your poor mother.

Thank You, Kee...Snake.

Yes, Yes.

Understand?

Yes. It's all good.

Well.

Hey, Snake, how's it going!

Who are you?

Jr.

Junior? Who's your father?

Jr.

Your father was Jr.?

Well, Yes.

Junior to senior? <u> True.

And you're the Youngest Junior? <u> 
Exactly!

What's the name?

Like that.

Bloody hell!

My family is from the Dominican 
Republic.

Who cares.

How's your business?

Well. Hank, the truth, things are bad.

That's because he's a faggot.

He's a good guy.

Act here's how: take a bag, come to 
Baku

leave the bag and go. Understand?

Understood.

I think they have a Jimmy with you?

I look like a genius?

I'm an employee.

Forward.

Now it remains to be seen.

Exactly, Mr. Holmes.

On my 10:02.

On my same.

Shut up. <u> Okay.

Am I too late?

For one minute.

Great, man!

We saw each other an hour ago.

Yeah, I know.

We were supposed to meet on the 
Boulevard.

You know, I'm sorry. I had to take

the grandmother of the guests; she 
didn't want to leave.

This might be our chance.

What do we do?

Wait.

I just like Rambo! Incredible!

Quiet.

Get him!

I didn't do anything! This is a 
misunderstanding!

Quietly, calmly.

I'm not to blame!

Don't fight it. Peace!

This is a misunderstanding!

Damn! It's Junior!

I can explain everything. I can 
explain everything!

I knew that it was you!

No you didn't, you fool!

Junior, how could you?

Simply so there were circumstances.

Newspapers are writing about this.

Lately my nerves to hell

especially after the broken glasses.

In me as if something broke.

What the hell are you talking about?

You still owe me 37.50.

The store refused to fix my glasses.

It's not real money.

Where is the money?

I didn't take anything.

I have the money at home under the 
bed. Wait a second, where's Jimmy?

I don't know. I didn't steal it.

What about the eyes?

It's a toy. I cut out the dolls. Doll 
my niece.

I couldn't even imagine what you

capable of this, Junior! Mother will 
be furious!

And your father will still suffer 
with an uncontrollable erection.

Tell them that I'm sorry. I 
personally will ask

apologize as soon as everything 
settled down.

Yeah, in twenty years.

Twenty years?

You'll sue me in court? What are you, 
it's me, Junior!

<u> Hey!</u>
Let's go. Move.

We're with you for so many years 
familiar! I didn't mean anything!

It was just a joke! Just kidding!

Hey, Lefty, who are you waving at, 
miserable dwarf!

As to the house going to get?

Where is your car? Huh?!

Damn. Again stole my car.

Hey, Les, you better cut all this 
from your film.

My uncle Pepe is a lawyer! I'll sue 
you!

What are you looking at Head? Virgin 
fucking. I have

prison will be more Chicks than you 
can imagine!

I will be back!

Well,

will have to start all over again.

I can't believe that Junior is 
capable of that.

I mean the ransom note to prove it 
and everything.

About the people difficult to judge.

And what will happen with your movie? 
You're taking it back to California?

I'll take him back, do the 
installation work, see what happens.

Let's hope the right people they will 
be interested.

Yeah. You don't want the crowds of 
the elderly. They pay

just a couple of bucks per session. 
So not make any money.

That's not what I meant.

You know

maybe they'll never find Jimmy.

Possible.

Where Lefty?

He is looking for his wheelbarrow 
across the County.

Trying to figure out where Younger it 
might have got.

And here he is.

Probably not found.

I looked everywhere:

the channel, store on Union Street;

Don't know where she is.

Where you left the last time?

Next to the house.

There looked?

Are you saying that after he stole my 
car,

he put it on the same place?

If he's such a considerate thief?

Just some kind of attack

Don't say anything. I have a 
restraining order.

Junior, why are you not in jail?

Ed decided not to sue. Talked father 
Julio.

To kill you a little.

Stay away! Don't. The law is on my 
side.

I just wanted to give you back your 
car.

I want to start with a clean slate.

Around here baby!

We stopped for lunch, the father 
hungry.

Double cheeseburger, fries, a cherry 
pie.

From this day on I dedicate myself to 
God. From now on I am his servant.

What is that nonsense?

Junior saw the light!

Junior can't see anything without 
glasses.

Glasses I no longer need.

I bought contact lenses. They paint 
me.

Nothing paint.

Refuse to argue with you, my friend. 
You have to be above that.

Someone protyagivaetsya a helping 
hand, Junior.

True. This is the Holy father.

We have to go, Junior. To work.

You are right, father.

See you later, Amigos! Yes you will 
arrive with the world!

VAIO con Dios!

Good luck with the film, Mr. Les!

<u> Thank You, Junior. <u> The Next 
Steven Spielberg!</u>

Nice to meet you, father.

Behave yourself, my son.

Try.

Hello, Mrs.. How do you do?

Not really.

No news?

No. Silence.

I'm really sorry.

Thank you. My husband was going 
through so much.

Want to talk to a clairvoyant, she 
could help.

Don't know what to do. I'm going 
crazy.

Still.

The boys will help me with the 
leaflets?

Of course.

I can't... as soon as I see the face 
of his Jimmy, I...

I have to go.

We'll get you set up.

No, not worth it.

It's not too much trouble, right?

Of course.

Madam Esther. Predictions.

I always thought it was a brothel.

Please, have a seat.

Have a seat.

Sit down.

Do any of you problems? Please.

I have.

Will pay now or later?

How much will it cost?

Looking for a miracle wish. It is 
difficult to assess.

Do you have a price list?

And you have to do something?

I'm just a friend.

Friend

sit tight. I need to concentrate.

No problem.

Where were we?

My son disappeared.

Your son went missing.

Yes.

Will pay now or later?

How much will it cost?

With bleach or without?

Excuse me?!

This is my secondary business.

You say you have lost a son.

<u> True.</u>
Where is he?

I don't know. So here I am.

Well, of course.

This is my son.

A very nice boy.

$ 20, please.

For $ 20 you will find my son?

I'll try.

Your life line is very...

wait a second, your life line is very 
dry, very dry.

Want to recommend a hand cream?

What can you say about my son?

Yes, of course. I don't need.

Select three cards. I don't show them.

Card's marked.

Chose, well. Now, put them back in 
the deck.

Very good.

That's my card!

Of course.

I think you are dealing with an 
Amateur?

Your son will be.

My God, isn't it? Thank God! Lord!

He's out there somewhere.

Where? Where is he? Where? Where's my 
Jimmy? Incredible! Oh, my God!

You know where's Jimmy?

Can't say for sure. He's out there 
somewhere, that's all I know.

Where do we look for? Can you give 
some hint?

Madame does not give hints.

The map?

Continue in the same spirit. In the 
end everything will pay off.

Thank you! Thank you! <u> Yes, Yes.

Oh, God bless you!

Okay, okay.

Thank you! God bless you!

God bless you!

Of course, of course.

We will arrange for Jimmy's party! 
All invited.

Maybe better to wait for his return?

No! No! He will be forced to return.

We look forward to the return of 
Jimmy.

Sure! We all get together and 
celebrate! And he will enter the room,

and bodythe feels as if he never left.

Are you sure you want to throw a 
party?

Yes, Yes! We have to do it!

Well, I ran! All you need to cook!

Spread the word!

Today we have a home!

Tell everyone!

Maybe eat before you go?

What is the question?

If you are hungry, eat.

If you are not hungry, don't eat.

What's the problem?

There is no problem.

You ask the strangest questions.

Don't be mad. This is not the case.

I'm not mad.

Well.

Do you think that there will be food?

I do not know.

Let me guess.

Come on.

What?

What do you think?

Chicken.

Good guess.

Think?

Yes.

I think they will have chicken?

I do not know. Just saying it's a 
good guess.

I think you know something.

What do I know? <u> That is not a 
chicken.

How do I know that they will have on 
the table?

She just decided on the party.

Enough about that.

<u> And another...</u>
What?

I take back my guess.

<u> For all I care. <u> "Ready?"</u>

<u> Come on.</u>
Fish.

Let it be fish.

<u> Will the fish?</u>
Shut up.

What's the matter, Joe?

I'm starving.

You need to step...

Take a photo of me and Hank!

Beat it, don't forget to pay this 
time.

Hey, Joe, got my 4 bucks?

Son of a bitch.

Hello, Joe! Take off your clothes.

Hello, Mrs..

Hello, dear!

Well throw out this crap!

Sorry.

I wish you health!

At ease.

Don't know exactly, but I said,

Jimmy returns home!

Jimmy returns home!

One, two, three, four, five...

Jimmy will be home soon! Hooray, 
Hooray!

Hey, stop that!

Well, the company gathered!

Bet three to one that the imbecile 
does not appear.

A hundred bucks.

You're in the game.

Uncle, is that you? You look great! 
What you do with them?

My favorite nephew. I know the folks?

Of course.

It's Bobby Head, you know?

Of course. How do you do, Bobby!

Joe.

Photo with Hank?

Come on!

$ 5.

Grenades have?

Of course, but there's something even 
more abruptly! I have a dynamite.

Dynamite?! Cool, huh!

Take a couple.

Why do you have dynamite?

From the roof to throw. Jehovah's 
witnesses in his pants impose.

I'd like to see this!

Well.

Oh, damn, ran out of tape.

Come back tomorrow.

And my money?!

Hi!

What's new?!

Damn!

Well all.

Show him, father.

Well, this is war!

You can't treat the Lord!

How are you, father?

Hey, father, do not want to dance?

Welcome to the party!

Lefty may not have been so with her 
father?!

No, he is not the father. I learned 
it all. Julio's younger cousin.

Working in the garage. It's all a 
masquerade.

I can't believe he got you beat! Jerk!

Well, hard you.

Thank you for coming, Padre.

I'll see you later, father.

Look!

How are you doing?!

What happened?

It is still not to my taste.

Give up?

Yes.

Come on, be a man! Say you want to 
dance with her.

Huh?!

Otherwise, I'm going to tell.

He'll come running and will retire 
with

this beauty, the eye does not have 
time to blink!

No word grandfather. I have all the 
women beats.

Well, come on!

Let's dance.

Fuck you.

Joe's Head! Joe's Head! Joe's Head...

Yay!

Wow!

Good Job Head!

Joe, that was incredible!

Thank you. I was on top.

Mom, look at my photos.

Give it to me! Give it to me! You owe 
me 5 bucks!

Thank you all for coming.

The party is over! Please go away.

And we'll wait for Jimmy.

They blow it up...

Guys, guys...

Jerk!

How you doing, Harold?

All the way through.

Don't know, I thought it would work.

Nice try, mom.

Right on, mom.

Well, I gotta go.

Me too.

I'm going too.

Wait, I want to thank you all for 
your help.

I'm sorry that nothing came of it.

What can you do.

Ed, can I ask you a question?

Of course.

Remember today's chicken wings?

Well, Yes.

Where did you get them? In life, 
nothing like eating!

I do not know. Want me to ask mom?

I don't think now is the best time.

Yes, of course. I'll call you 
tomorrow.

<u> Okay.</u>
Thank you.

Well. Lefty.

And here he is! Jimmy, where were you?

Lord! Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy!

It worked! My son is back!

Jimmy!

How you doing, Jimmy?!

Oh, Jimmy!

Where have you been? I was so 
worried, couldn't find any!

Where was I?

Want to know where I was?

Yes.

Thank you.

Can't acccess.

One-Eyed Jimmy. fucking parasite

Now tell me where I was.

Five days ago, mom sent me to the 
basement...

...do your Laundry, remember?

While I was there, the Elevator broke 
down.

Yeah, it didn't work. What?

And then!

I decided to find out...

...on the surface.

So...

The exit was closed.

I knock on the door of the Manager,

and he, guess what...

He's been on vacation.

Exactly.

I had a basement for five days.

The Manager had just returned home.

Oh, my God! How did you survive? What 
did you eat?

Had to break into his apartment.

And even his phone no.

I had no one to call.

Mommy, he doesn't have cable, I even 
the TV couldn't see.

The toilet is broken. Can you 
imagine?!

The toilet did not go down.

He even no beer. No beer!

Can you imagine?!

Lord! On, hold on.

Thank You, Eddie.

I had to eat cat food.

To sleep on a cot. I couldn't get out 
of here!

Incredible!

So whose cries could be heard from 
the basement!

What a douche.

I couldn't get out! I will never

do Laundry in the building!

You had a party?

Locked in the basement...

I would be crazy.

Exactly.

Can't believe it! Well, the ending!

Huh?

Damn it! Asshole fucking!

In fact, they love each other.

What will you do now?

To sleep.

And then?

And then what?

Hanging out today not going?

To hang out?

After my probably the best the film 
flopped

the hell are you asking me to be 
hanging out today?

I don't...

Now what will happen to my film?

Victim is not victim.

He is trapped in the basement with a 
bunch of dirty Laundry.

He a nerd?!

I thought you left.

This is about my whole career.

So you're not going to hang out today?

What do you want?

Maybe get something to eat?

We ate all night.

As you want to.

What do you want to eat?

I do not know. What do you want?

Just say the word.

Why are you angry?

I'm not angry.

Okay, don't get angry.

Hang out later.

Well.

How much?

I'll call you.

As you want to.

Can a chicken eat?

Come on.

I can't get out. Never again

I will not wash clothes in the 
building.

6 months later... the Hollywood.

Dirty and openly. I liked it.

I agree.

Excellent! Just perfect! These guys 
snowfolk in

cool shit! They've been through so 
much! Want to be with them.

Crude, but great. They managed

to capture the essence of our society.

The Heritage Of America.

Possession of rights. Do not show 
their delight. Close the deal.

Will be done.

I have to go. Meeting with Laker in 
twenty minutes.

Say Hello to Jack.

Ron Taski Vice President of the 
mergers.

Miranda

invite them.

Ron Taski. How do you do?

Mr. Taski, I'm a fan of your movies.

What would you like?

Chicken wings you have?

No.

What do you have?

Has Evian and Perrier.

Just water for me.

Me too.

Thank you.

First I want to say I really liked 
the movie.

You managed to capture the essence of 
our society.

The gist of it?

Well, Yes.

Before proceeding to the discussion

tell me who owns the rights to the 
film?

I'll explain.

In view of the problems with our 
friend across the woods...

The one that was interviewed?

Yes, Les. We filed for him in court.

Exactly. I told him not to use my 
real name.

He just took advantage of us.

We won the case.

And now our film.

All the papers I have with me.

So, an injunction. Lefty Gladden needs

to keep you at a distance of 50 feet.

It's not that.

You know, I came up with several 
advertising options. This movie

you need to twist in theaters 
outdoors.

It's a movie!

It's a note of redemption.

Here's a little mess. This is what 
you need.

Thank you. We've never met?

I don't think.

I swear I saw somewhere.

Guys, let's say we make a 
distribution of your film.

What else do you think off?

Another movie?

Exactly. Only this time larger.

I thought of doing something like 
Saturday fever - 3.

I could play the role of Travolta. You

saw me dance. I really...

Let me say this, with me as producer,

and Joe as an actor, Director and 
screenwriter...

America will finally get the movie of 
your dreams!

Make a contract now. Who is your 
lawyer?

My uncle Pepe, Yes it is true.

Ok, I'm gonna get the ball rolling. You can expect the proposal 
from us ASAP

ASAP...

They put my Smokey to sleep.

No, that was ASPCA Pop.

So ? This is it right ? Looks like we got a deal ?

Yes.

It turns out we all agree.

Mr. Taski.

Joe Head.

Thank you. <b> -.

I haven't said anything yet.

Yes, Yes.

For our future!

Be it a great film,

wild women...

fast and steal cars.

Hooray!
Arriva!

Arriva!

This is only the beginning, Joe!

We're Hollywood, baby!

Wow!

Are you hungry?

Dying of hunger.

Go to Spagos. There is a delicious 
meal.

Open, Joe.

Come on, baby! Come On, Head.

It is best to call in advance and 
reserve a table.

We're going to Spagos? And can take 
it with you?

Taski

We eat in the restaurant, baby. First 
class!

Hello, I would like one big table for 
two.

Ask if they have chicken wings.

Name? Jr. Is the name of this, Junior.

Junior plus one.

Plus one. I will be accompanied by 
Joe's head! Legends Of Red Hook!

Super!

In memory of Alfred Lee hardy and 
Poly MoE Cincotti.