I'm Nervous, excited....

you don't know, it's kind of... could
be anything.

Could end tomorrow, could go on
forever.

I think anticipating what might be is
exciting.

This show is like it can go in many
different directions.

...a mariage somewhere in the group.

You can't really get bored watching the
show...

because you get so much going on,

and so many different characters to
watch.

It's exciting. Everybody has a
different backgroung.

I'm really excited. It's gonna be a
good experience.

I'm very optimistic. I'm really looking
forward to this show..

hopefully being on for a while.

Friends Season 10 Episode 17+18

The One Before The last One

Ten Years Of Friends

Ten Years Of Friends


I just need two. The 10 of spades and
the 6 of clubs.

Pheebs, you can't do that.

I've got the 10 of spades. Here.

See, you can't do that.

I don't need them. I'm going for 4s.

Oh, you're...

can play rough.


Hey!!!


Wrestle!

====[1x12]====

And that would be a shutdown!

Shutout!


"Fears And Pet Peeves."

"What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?"

Animals dressed as humans. - That's
correct.

Ladies?

Same category.

"According to Chandler, what phenomenon
scares the bejesus out of him?"

Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!

That'scorrect.

The Irish jig guy?

His legs flail about as if independent
from his body!

"Monica and I had a grandmother who
died. Name that grandmother."

Althea!

What're you doing? - I took a shot.

You're Shooting with "Althea"?

"Althea" is correct. - Nice shooting!

"Every week the "TV Guide" comes to
Chandler and Joey's apartment."

"What name appears on the address
label?"

Chandler gets it! It's Chandler Bing!

I'm afraid the "TV Guide" comes to
"Chanandler Bong".

Actually, it's Miss Chanandler Bong.

====[5x21]====

Wouldn't it be great if we could go for
two hours without dropping it?

Yeah, it would!

Let's do it.

I have to pee.

Man, I didn't think we'd make it.

I know.

Don't switch hands, okay?

====[3x09]====

I love this game.

====[7x15]====

you know the song ! Sing along !







who would know.

My grandmother said she got it from her
grandmother, "Nestley Toulouse. "

What was her name?

Nestley Toulouse.

Nestl√© Tollhouse ?

You Americans always butcher the French
language.


I didn't eat gold and have a flying
pony

I had a hard life. My mother...

step dad was back in prison.

who talked to his hand.


...because this pimp spit in my mouth
and...

stabbed the cop.

He stabbed me first!


<i>What are they feeding you?</i>

No, no. I'm sorry, it's:

<i>Smelly cat, smelly cat</i>

Don't feel bad, because it's a hard
song.

<i>Smelly cat, smelly cat</i>

<i>It's not your fault</i>

That's too much. Sorry.


I'm Phoebe Buffay. Hi!

I'm hoping to be your uterus for the
next nine months.

We're doing this for Frank and Alice...

...who you know. You've been there.

They want you so much.

So when you guys get in there, really
grab on.

And I promise that I'll keep you safe
and warm...

...until you're ready to have them take
you home.

Next time you see me, if I'm screaming,
don't worry.

That's what's supposed to happen.

====[5x03]====

So here you are.

Everyone said labor was the hardest
thing. But they were wrong. This is...

Well, I had the most fun with you guys.

I wish I could take you home and see
you every day.

I'll settle for being your favorite
aunt.

I know Alice's sister has a pool, but
you lived in me.

Okay, so we're cool.

We're going to be great.

Little high-fives.

I'm uncomfortable.

knapsack!


You're like the boom, boom, boom.




!


...with Jill Goodacre.

What?

I'm stuck...

...in an ATM vestibule...

...with Jill Goodacre.

I have no idea what you said.

Put Joey on the phone.

What's up, man?

I'm stuck...

...in an ATM vestibule...

...with Jill Goodacre!

He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with
Jill Goodacre!

Chandler, listen.

Like that thought never entered my
mind.

lot.

But you got promoted, and now you're...

...Mr. Boss Man.

I can't believe it.

Yeah. They even do you.

They "do" me?

<i>"Could that report be any
later?"<i/>

I don't sound like that.

Yeah, you do.

<i>"The hills are alive with the
sound...<i/>

<i>...of music."<i/>

I don't sound like that. That is so not
true.

That is so not... That is so not...

That... Oh, shut up!

====[5x02]====

I've had a very long hard day.

I gona go get some chicken. You want
some ?

No thanks, no chicken. Bey bey then.

Are you ok ? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't
leave. He kept asking me if I wanted
chicken.

chicken ?

I could eat some chicken.

Could I get a three-piece, some
coleslaw, some beans and a Coke?

Diet Coke.

second?

I appreciate the costume.

You did this to him?

I thought he'd love it.

He loves The Velveteen Rabbit.

That rabbit was brown and white.

It was pink, or no bunny at all..

No bunny at all. Always no bunny at
all!



You want a piece of this? I'm standing
here!

====[1x15]====

I want...

to feel your hot, soft skin with my
lips.

There you go.

Keep going, keep going.

I want to take my tongue and...

Say it.

Say it!

Run it all over your body...

until you're trembling with...

With?


That one has ducks on his T-shirt and
this one has clowns.

And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.

Or clowns.

We'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.

All right, call it in the air.

Heads.

Heads, it is.

We have to assign heads to something!

Ducks is heads because ducks have
heads.

What kind of scary-ass clowns came to
your birthday?

now.

Oh, my... How much do you weigh, Ross?

I prefer not to answer. I'm still
carrying a little holiday weight.

It still looks pretty far. - It's not
that far. Just drop.

Do not rush me!

My pants are starting to come down, and
I'm not wearing any underwear.

My ankle! I really hurt my ankle!

I think I twisted it when... A quarter!


...took advantage of me.

No way! I've been going to the guy for
12 years.

He said he was gonna do my inseam.

Then he ran his hand up my leg and then
there was definite...

What?

Cupping

That's how they do pants!

First they go up one side, they move it
over.

Then they go up the other side, move it
back, then they do the rear.

Ross, tell him. Isn't that how a tailor
measures pants?

Yes, yes, it is. In prison!

organized.

But, hey, I can be a kook!

maker.

sleep again ?


wanna get with this?


<i>There she is!<i/>

Some girl ate Monica!

Shut up! The camera adds ten pounds.

So how many cameras are actually on
you?


You are such a tattletale!

And Dad, y'know that mailman that you
got fired? He didn't steal your
Playboys! Ross did!

Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn't
break the porch swing, Monica did!

Ross hasn't worked at the museum for a
year!

Monica and Chandler are living
together!

Ross married Rachel in Vegas! And got
divorced! Again!!!!

can't cry, I love you.

Oh that makes me feel so warm in my
hollow tin chest.

Stop it!

No, I mean, come on, seriously think
about it, we get married, we're up at
the altar and I'm like this.

I won't care !

Because I know you will be feeling it
all in here.

Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this
anymore then.

And-and-and if I die...

from a long illness....

And you're writing out my eulogy...

and you open a desk drawer and you find
a note from me that says :

"I will always be with you" ...

and you still can't shed one tiny
tear...

I know you'll be crying a river inside.

Aww, I love you so... - What is wrong
with you?!!!

What?! You can't shed a tear for your
dead wife!!

Now, I left you a note from the beyond!

So you didn't mean any of that?! - No
you robot!!

zones.

You got one, two, three...

...four...

...five, six and seven.

There are seven?

start out with a little one.

A two.

A one, two, three.

A three

A five.

A four.

A three, two.

Two. A two, four, six.

Two, four, six.

Two. Four, seven!

Five, seven! Six, seven!

Seven!


I'm divorced and I have a kid!




Pivot !

Pivot !



help.

I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom.

Nice !

No, I got really hot in my pants so I
took them off.

But they must have shrunk from the
sweat.

Or my legs expanded from the heat.

I can't get them back on, Joey. I
can't!

Do you see any powder?

Powder! Yeah, I have powder.

<i>Good, good.<i/>

Sprinkle some on. It'll absorb
moisture.

Then you can get your pants on.

Yeah, hold on.

Vaseline ?

I see lotion. I have lotion. Will that
work?

Sure, throw some of that on there.

====[8x03]====

I'm pregnant.

Yeah, I... I'm just, I don't know. I
don't understand...

...how this happened ?

We used a condom.

I know.

But you know, condoms only work,like,

97% of the time.

What?

Well, they should put that on the box!

They do. - No, they don't!

Well, they should put it in huge block
letters!

====[9x02]====

Le sac. - Frappe-moi.

Give me the bag. - Hit me !

I'm not kidding. - Hit me !

You ducked!

I'm sorry! It was a reflex!

Oh, my God! This really hurts! - I
couldn't help it.

When a fist comes at your face, you
duck.

What is the matter with you?

movin'<i/>




him!

That's the most ridiculous... - You
sold me out!

I did not!

Would you let me talk!

Did you just flick me?

Well, you wouldn't let me finish and I
was...

Let's not do this!

Happy thoughts!

Now I'm gonna kick some ass!

All right. Now, I will let go if you
both stop.

Fine.

There we go.

If we were in prison, you guys would
be, like, my bitches.

====[6x12]====

So do you think that these pictures?
Are, are they trying to tell a story?

Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the
case of this young woman,

she has lost her clothes,

so she rides naked on the horse,

she's crying out : "Where are they? ?"

Well, she's not going to find them
lying in the grass like that.

Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when
you used to go out to the barn, lift up
your shirt, and bend over?

====[1x17]====

How long have you lived here?

Thanks. I've been here about six years.

And Rachel moved in a few months ago.

See, I was supposed to get married,
but...

I left the guy at the altar

Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish,
but...

...hey, that's me!

Monica, what do you do?

I am a chef at a restaurant uptown.

Good for you.

Yeah, it is.

Mostly because I get to boss people
around, which I just love to do.

Well, this hummus is great.

God bless the chickpea.

And have I mentioned that back in high
school,I was a cow?

I used to wet my bed.

I use my breasts to get other people's
attention.

We both do that!

me.

It's negative.

What? - It's negative.

Well..

..this is just the way it was supposed
to be.

Well then, great.

This is so stupid.

How can I be upset over something I
never had?

It's negative?

No, it's positive.

It's not negative, it's positive.

Are you sure? - Yeah, I lied before.

Now you know how you really feel. -
That's a risky little game.

I'm gonna have a baby!

the trifle!

call "closure".

safe building. There's nothing...

Mom, I gotta go! I gotta go!

That's fine, read the Family Circus.

====[4x23]====

I'm bummed the way I left things with
Ross.

I wish I didn't lie about work. He
seemed so mad at me.

Don't be so hard on yourself. If
someone I was still in love with is
getting married...

Still in love with?

I'm not in love with Ross.

I'm not at the wedding, because he's my
ex-boyfriend...

...and that would be uncomfortable.

Not because I'm in love with him. I
like Ross as much as anyone.

Clearly, I have feelings for him, but
they don't mean love.

I mean, do I still have loving feelings
for Ross? Yeah!

But that doesn't mean I'm still in love
with him.

I have sexual feelings for him, but I
do love him.

Oh, my God!

Why didn't you tell me?

====[8x03]====

Right here...

is your baby.

There it is, I see it.

I'll give you two a minute.

Thank you.

Pretty amazing, huh?

I don't see it!

What? What?

I can't see it.

You just said you did.

I know, I lied. I didn't want her to
think I was a terrible mother.

I can't see my own baby !

Come here. Sure you can.

Come here. Look,

it's right there.

Oh, it's beautiful.

I see it now.

Do you really? - No, I don't see it!

You see this...

tiny thing that looks like a peanut?

Sweetie, that's it.

That's it?

Well, I saw that.

Thank you. - You're welcome.

Wow, I can't believe that's our baby.

Yeah, that's our baby.




clothes ?


good.

Jam, good. Meat, good!




If the Homo sapiens were, in fact,
"homo" sapiens...

...is that why they're extinct?

Joey, Homo sapiens are people.

Hey, I'm not judging.

====[7x19]====

Joey, this is the awkward part. -
Hey, right. Not a problem.

I totally understand you need to...

...make sure I don't have any horrible
scars or tattoos.

Don't you worry.

I have nothing to hide.

So, there you go. That's me.

One hundred-percent natural.

I tell you, that has never happened
before.

auditions for me tomorrow.

And I'll have my health insurance back
in no time.

That's great, but shouldn't you be on
the toilet right now?

What¬°¬Øs wrong with you?

Nothing!

Well, I got this blinding pain in my
stomach  when I was lifting weights
before.

Then I passed out and uh,

I haven't been able to stand up since.

But um, I don't think it's anything
serious.

This sounds like a hernia. You have to
go to the doctor!

No way!

if I have to go to the doctor for
anything, It's gonna be for this thing
sticking out of my stomach!

That's a hernia.

Why did I have to start working out
again?

Damn you 15s!

====[10x11]====

Go.

You put this in your coffee...

A spoon !

Your hands ! Your face !

It's white.

Paper ! Snow ! A Ghost !

It's heavy on the milk.

A rock ! A dog ! The earth !

Pass.

You put this on a sandwich.

Salami ! Anchois ! Jam.

It's white.

Paper ! Snow ! A Ghost !

====[7x08]====

Rach, the big question is, does he like
you?

Because if he doesn't like you, this is
all a moo point.

A "moo" point?

Yeah. It's like a cow's opinion.

It just doesn't matter.

It's "moo. "


Oh, God!

Honey?

That's okay.

You just rolled over the juice box.

Thank God!


So where'd you grow up?

That's your move?

Boy, Rach, you're lucky you're hot.

Come on, just answer the question.

Queens.

Were you close to your parents?

With my mom. Not so much my dad.

Why not?

I don't know. There's just this
distance.

We both try to pretend it's not there,
but it is.

It's gotta be rough. - Yeah, it's
really tough.

Sometimes I think...

Nice move!


I'm very happy we're going to have all
the sex.

You should be. I'm very bendy.

I guess there's nothing left for us to
do but kiss.

You win!

I can't have sex with you!

And why not? - I'm in love with
Monica!

You're what?

I love her!

I love you, Monica.

I love you too, Chandler.



I love you too.

you.

====[6x25]====

Will you marry me ?

Yes.


?

Yes.




I do.

Yeah, you do!


...take thee, Emily...

...take thee, Rachel...

====[5x24]====

Hello, Mrs. Ross!

Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!




Are you all ready, to meet the cast of
Friends ?

It's hard after some of the last ten
years

but It's basically like being involved
in some magical thing...

that is much bigger than you are.

It's been an education, It's been a
love affair.

It's been a friendship.

It's been amazing.

I'm gonna miss these people

I'm gonna miss these characters a lot

I want to say thank you to everybody,

All of the crew, all of the fans

Thank you very much for all these
people who've watched the show..

for all these years, and kept it going.

And I love you all.

We've loved doing it. I've loved doing
it.

And we hope you guys enjoyed this as
much as we have.

much!

I'm gonna miss you!

I mean it's the end of an era!

I know!