It's time for RiffTrax!

RiffTrax!

And it's not an easy job.

They watch movies and they make up jokes about them.

Tell their jokes to microphones.

Put the jokes into a file.

On a secret server deep beneath a mountain.

Protected by a dragon.

Who you gonna get to riff those tracks?

I don't ever pick tracks where the riffs are missing.

Why you always you gotta pick RiffTrax?

Only RiffTrax picks all the tracks worth riffing.

On some other day.

Somewhere far away, you put out wiener wraps and snacks.

You fluff the cushions on your couch, and buy a TV.

All your friends come over.

Just imagine their surprise,

when you press play and then instead of just a movie.

They hear jokes!

Professional jokes!

By professional comedy professionals!

Who you gonna get to riff those tracks?

I don't ever pick tracks where the riffs are missing.

Why you always gotta pick RiffTrax?

Only RiffTrax picks all the tracks worth riffing.

It's your lucky day! It's time for RiffTrax!

RiffTrax!

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

the name of Dame Edna!

â™ª â™ª

than a pick up truck!

Whoo hoo!

â™ª â™ª

anything, aliens

will be cranking Journey or
Emerson

Lake and Palmer. Not Conway
Twitty.

night with you. Thanks lady.

â™ª â™ª

town of Bransen.

Wes? Do you have to leave
tonight?

my pants?

Gonna be mad as hell at me if I
don't get this show

to the motel before sunrise.

Oh, what's the rush?

I was supposed to be there this
afternoon.

Pavorotti is expecting me.

At least a couple more days.

your Amway.

Now please let me get on with
my route.

Mm. Mm mm mm.

But I think you're forgetting
about practice.

practice wearing less eye
makeup.

Waylon Flowers Madame puppet
wore less than you.

Practice.

Hmm, you gonna hang around and
we'll practice?

calligraphy. Hmm.

It's time to perform.

Jesse is going to perform on my
skull if

I don't get this show on the
road.

line I ever heard.

The show is only booked for a
few performances.

I'll be back here again before
we take

it to another part of the
country.

Another part of the country?


And another girl?

Oh well, who cares?

I'm having a good time.

with the pathogens

you picked up on the road.

But still, good times.

Now go check the trailer and
make sure the door's closed
tight.

dressed for it.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª


guy wanted to avoid this. It's
pure drudgery.

Well how's the door?

All secure.

like the best about you honey.

The sex or the checking to make
sure the cheap latches

on the back of my crappy
trailer are secure.

Hope you've had a good time.

I have.

This cabin in these mountains
holds

some beautiful memories.

of them because

of her many Bartle's and James
blackouts.

But still, a lot of memories.

You can count on it.

check the

safety chains on the trailer
baby.

I'm telling you the cat
couldn't scratch me. Hoo!

(wolf howls)

Think this thing will get you
where you're going?

not the go-ey part of this.

Remember how I explained that
to you?

At least have a truck to haul
around in.

It'll look better PR-wise. but
for now

we'll just be content on being
the best.

guy could be "the best" at

has to involve anonymous
threats

and hand-scrawled manifestos.

You can make an exception in
this case baby.

As far as the planet earth goes
there ain't a gun slinger

on this terrain that can handle

weapons better than Jesse
Jameson.





Ridley's redneck cousin

Pooner Scott! Alien Outlaw.
(Kevin laughs)

â™ª â™ª

(all guys) Hey Lash Larue!

Dark Power who speaks out of
30% of his mouth.

Hooray!

pageant winner Kari Anderson.

Come see her July 7th at
Williamson's

Ace Hardware during apache
days.

â™ª â™ª

vehemently

denies being responsible for
this soundtrack.

It would never sink this low.

Meaning these guys

were over at Lash's house
drinking Old Milwaukee

and shooting at cans and he
said

"You wanna be in my movie?"

â™ª â™ª

his special effects already.

And we request that the flying
photo factory take a big
flying.


â™ª â™ª

blasting this music

at the compounds that are under
siege by the FBI.

it was the result of some

catastrophic software
malfunction. (Kevin laughs)

â™ª â™ª

tariff acts with his Buddy
Hawley.

But he loves making Lash Larue
movies.

That part about the

trashy girl checking the latch
on the trailer. He WROTE that.

â™ª â™ª

(explosion sound)


One car driving at night! Ah ha
ha!

(crickets chirping)

watch. This, as it pulls out
here.

This is classic Smoot right
here.

(thunder sounds)


Damn. A plane crash.

ever present lap flashlight.

the fact that there are parts

of him NOT covered in denim.
What the hell?

light up a screen.

You know, with his flashlight.
Kind of.

Is anybody out there?

give him a flashlight can kind
of

light up a small portion of the
screen.

â™ª â™ª (wolf howls)

that trailer latching scene

seem like a fast paced action
scene.

â™ª â™ª

that the audience can't make
out.

Is that you?

â™ª â™ª


Here comes Wrangler and he's
one tough customer.

there

doesn't find out I'm actually
wearing Toughskins.

â™ª â™ª

This is crazy.

here. That's just nuts!

It's gotta be here.

that. It's gotta to be

here whatever IT is and
wherever is here.

â™ª â™ª

noodler just drowned.

â™ª â™ª (growling)

guys. Now where's our real

monster? What? That's it?
That's it?

â™ª â™ª


London! I see France"?

â™ª â™ª

I'm just trying

to read what's on your belt
buckle!

â™ª â™ª

No!


while eating

a water logged six dollar
Halloween mask.

Go away! No! No! No!

(shot fires)

head blown apart.

It's been a long time since
I've seen anyone do that blind
folded.

It's good.

theme park

Pocohantas. well that's even
stranger. (Kevin laughs)

Hey. The sharp shooters I knew
back in the

old days used one exactly like
this.

Only they were so thin, that
when you put them on,

you could see right through it.

But it fooled the audience and

for some people, that's all
that mattered.

with a hat!

(shots firing)

Now let's see how sharp those
pretty eyes of yours really are.

a mystery of who she is?

Does she have a face like the
kid in Mask?

(shots fire)

Let's see a bullseye.

It's all yours Miss Jesse.

former governor Ventura's name
when he cross dresses.

â™ª â™ª

Hey! That was great Jesse!

I hope I pleased you Sunset.

wore underwear today Sunset.

And if the rest of your show
was

anything like what I'd seen
this morning,

I have no doubt the Diamond

theatrical agency will sign you
up.

bear right?

I never claimed to be the
fastest Sunset.

Just the best.

Only the best.

The Diamond Booking Agency's
also the best.

They book acts for big american
amusement parks.

acts for pirate's world.

Rodeos and foreign shows.

My interview with Mrs. Diamond
is still at one?

At one o'clock. And because
you've got something

more on the ball than meets the
eye.

nickname is Sunset

because, well, he's just not
very bright.

And she's never snowed by a
pretty face.

She just uses them to sell
advertising.

times! Alien Outlaw!

Have seen your show.

And they're well impressed.

So, while you're in their office

do let her know you're there
for business.

Thanks Sunset. I'll be all
business at one.

my ass.

Hey and don't forget, it
doesn't hurt to look your best.

dentures!

(phone rings)

Josephine Don Baker

enjoy a leisurely Sunday
morning.

again.

He really wants to harvest this
guy's back hair.

Hello?

Good morning Frank.
Good morning Jesse.

hitting on your girlfriend
again?

What do you want me to do about
it?

I think maybe I've got us some
bookings. Show dates.

Getting any private bookings
Frank?

Sounds like you'd had quite a
show date yourself last night.

Budweiser.

She was pretty Frank.

Did you convince her that you
were a big time booking agent

for the greatest gun show on
earth?

you laid!

She's got a lot of contacts.

Probably a long list of them.

Better go to the health clinic
Frank.

enlarged heart

and massively thickened
arteries.

I have something else that
isn't funny Frank.

What, Jesse?

Have you ever noticed how you
and Wes.

spray tan booth.

but I'm not making any money.

You've been making money.
Not much.

And speaking of not much, just
where is Wes?

You think he's not here yet?

That's right Frank. That's just
what I mean.

phone near your gross matted
chest hair?

At his cabin.

Why Frank? Why is he still at
his cabin?

Well we don't have a show for
two more days Jesse.

over to

my revolting ginger pube
mustache. Hang on.

Jesse I'm tired. I was up late.

Sorry.
This is the operator.

You'll have to deposit.

Shut up operator.
Sir?


One of my favorite trucker
songs from the 70s.

You ever heard of a hotel
operator charging for room to
room call?

I'm not at the hotel Frank.

Where the hell are you?

I had an appointment today with
the Diamond,

to have the oil in my car
changed.

said

Ugh. Never mind. I had a
Budweiser.

Right now I want you to find
out where Wes' cabin is.

Sir I cannot put it on your
bill.

probably an actual operator

telling the cast and crew they
weren't allowed

to put anything on the hotel
bill.

About Wes' cabin.
What? Wes' cabin!

(operator heard in background)

Wes has some kind of.

can add clarity to this
conversation.

I know Wes' cabin is in the
mountains.

(all guys talking at once)

(all guys talking at once
indistinctly)

(all guys talking indistinctly)

(all guys talking)

(all guys talking)

(all guys talking)

(all guys talking)

a Budweiser.

Why have I put up with this for
so long?

â™ª â™ª


all 97% sure that

they'd show that guy's balls
but they didn't.


â™ª â™ª

Hill looks down

upon this from heaven, and
weeps.

angel's bra strap, makes

googly eyes to the camera, and
THEN he weeps.


â™ª â™ª

(Kevin laughs)

â™ª â™ª

That's a nice outfit.

ethical to have

an actual corpse in your film.

Hey, you can't bring it back!

(Bill laughs)

died of emphysema literally

that same minute, and his dog
was hit by a car.

hairy naked drunk guy inn.

It is THE place to go if you're
are a naked hairy drunk guy.

tip.


says "creep ogles nymphet".

peek-a-boo pinoir!

I believe it's about checkout
time Miss Jamison.

Checkout time?

We're gonna be here for two
more days

contracted legionnaire's
disease yet.

You're aware of it now.

Put my bags back in the room.

I'm terribly sorry Miss
Jamison. but we're all filled
up.

And I've already booked this
room for the week.

eight different one hour
rentals.

What about my manager?
Where is he?

We called him when he was late
for checkout time.

He said he wanted his room for
two more nights.

pounding day at

the Sparta North Carolina La
Quinta.

Apparently you were the victim

of bad management Miss Jamison.

We're liberal people here.

DVD and everything.

Will take your bags down to
your uh, manager's room?

of this outrage!

Boy! Huh?

The bags in front of 203. Take
them down to 110.

I'm going to lunch.
I was leaving for lunch.

What's that?
I said yes ma'am.

Blame it on the

Bell Boy would blame it on this
bell boy.

Hop to it. I like to see a
little hustle out of my
employees.

Especially when I'm having to
pay the minimum wage.

harvesting their precious
organs.

Carry the bags! Clean the room!
Swap the deck!

Mop the floor! Take them up!
Take them down!


Frank! Frank open the door.

Frank I want to talk to you.

Sister

video without the Twisted
Sister.

It's monotonous.

I'm young. I need some
excitement around here.

I want to swing. I want to
dance.

that will make you

pine for the quiet dignity of
Pauley Shore.

I have a one o'clock
appointment and I need this
room.

hair has upbraided all the

cotton from his sheets and are
now pure man felt.

(Kevin laughs)


Do you have a pass key?

this rural motel

has a bell hop with a uniform?

My manager has a pass key.

Where is she?

Godzilla's gone to lunch.

script just says

"creep degrades female
character".

escaping a hotel

from Senator John Edwards.

â™ª â™ª

pool moment

for the direct-to-video crowd.

Never mind me I'm just a porter.

Frank!

a world of good.

Dear? Beautiful man?

Frank?

Frank? Wake up sleepy head!


The name of this movie is Alien
Outlaw.


He doesn't seem to hear me.

Okay scum open the damn door!

â™ª â™ª

door?

Will Jesse be able to freshen
up and tinkle

before her one o'clock
appointment?

Tell us you sadists! Tell us!

(shot fires)

Take this job!

â™ª â™ª

Wake up call!


child

of Charles Bronson and Lurch.

(horse neighs)

I'm reading my 'zine.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

Step one.

Oil up the old wang.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

late into the night.

(horse neighs)

inconveniencer of stable hands!

â™ª â™ª

(horse neighs)

Hey bozo! What are you doing in
there?

gallery with

your delightful antics on WGN
TV Chicago?

What is this? Halloween?


shall hear of this!

(shot fires)

â™ª â™ª

cleaning method

is working out just fine.

cousins.

Hi boys!

Hello Alex. Good to see ya.

You boys up here for a
vacation?

field through binoculars?

Your damn right it is a
vacation!


Yeah college students always
dress more

for comfort than they do for
working.

work for the comfort industry.

In which case there's a
successful overlap.

She's majoring in agriculture
and farm resources I believe.

Maybe we should try to help out
and see that

she gets the lay of the land,
you know?

referring to sex

which is definitely a thing
I've done. (Kevin laughs)

Are you ready?
Just a minute.

sitting here thinking

"You know what this movie
needs?

A heaping helping of the fat
guy from the Dark Power."

Ha ha ha. Life's good sometimes
you guys.

Pretty great.

You boys weren't looking at the
girl were you?

the plants, were you?

You ain't a couple of tobacco
sexuals are ya?

(radio heard in background)
(explosion sounds)

(Bill laughs)

Damn!

containment!

Why in the immortal hell,
didn't you

tell me they were clearing
that?

they were dynamiting

giant blocks of scrumptious
feta cheese?

Late for today.

Hello Alex!
Hello Luger.

I got a special company coming
tonight.

I had go home and clean my
house.

the double wide.

Clean mine alright!

Looks like you've got a college
girl to help you clean yours.

Oh hell she's one of them
modern women.

She'd rather work out in the
garden like a mule.

I swallowed our last mule.


She's crazy!

I wonder why it is Luger always
gets those

female students to come up and
intern on his farm?

all those skin dresses from?

Ha ha. How about you pal?

Who's this special company
you're expecting to see?

Just the girl my nephew works
for.

of nowhere to have

dinner with her business
manager's uncle?

Sure. Perfectly reasonable.


He shacked up somewhere.

Wes' dad left him so much money
he

bought six damn mountain
cabins.

Each one a different part of
the country.

And he keeps them all stocked
with young lovers.

You know what I mean?
Hmm, sounds nice.

the plot

of The Girl with the Dragon
Tattoo.

Well I probably should have said

worked for instead of works
for.

I think she's coming up to

fire him and I can't say he
doesn't deserve it.

all my nephews are fired.

Who's Jesse Jamison?

Oh she's the Annie Oakley of
the 80s.

You never heard of her?

haven't even heard

of the Annie Oakley of whenever
Annie Oakley was.

My nephew and that lazy manager
of hers is handling her.

Yeah but you know they do a lot
of low rent stuff.

Perform for a supermarket.

Department store grand
openings.

You know what those things are
like?

dredging, hospice dedications,
orphanage closings.

She could hit the big time.

She's a fantastic lady Peter.

And she handles a gun like
nobody I've ever seen.

Well, it sounds like old Alex

should have us over for dinner
tonight huh?

Definitely.

I will on one condition.

actually come.

Are you gonna find pigs big
enough for this rig you're
carrying?

It's big enough for the loch
ness monster.

This is just for casting
practice.

this movie

had a little more casting
practice.

I want to do real good in it.

I'll be back in a minute.
Alright.

to a denim mumu.

Why don't you just show him how

you hang those big ones Peter?

Okay. Watch this.

Never misses. Buffalo Bill with
a fishing rod.

when all the

cool kids were referencing 19th
century frontier showmen?

You better be glad you didn't
get no skin off my hiney.

I'd sure take some of yours.

Maybe you should show Jesse
Jamison how

you handle that rod of yours
Peter?

making reference to your penis.

An organ used for sex, which I
have totally had a lot of.

Alex why don't take these two
turds with ya.

have many turds.

A surfeit of turds.

I beg you Alex. Too many turds.

Let's do it.

Hey Jay! Would you like to go
along with us up to

the creek for a little fun and
relaxation?

Me? Alone with you two?

understood in this community

that they're sexual predators.

Why don't you come along and we
can take all our clothes off?

I think I'll be safer if I stay
here, and keep my clothes on.

That goes for my wife.

No time for partying.

You boys leave her alone.

Anyway I have to work.

So, maybe next time.

Okay, maybe next time.

Wow yes ma'am.

MAYBE!

should pose for the

best version of American Gothic
ever.

Anytime.

Wow. Yes ma'am.
Okay see ya!

its 53rd incomprehensible
minute.

Might as well just be me and
you.

Drink a few beers and go
fishing?


They're silly.



Probably not.

on the headshots,

the best I can do is a Lash
Larue movie.

Interesting portfolio Miss
Jamison.

Very interesting.

You present your credentials
quite well.

need our tables lengthened. Ha
ha.

Nevertheless I've always felt
that gun shows

and things of that sort,

are about as exciting as a
bowel movement.

thrillers!

No. I've never compared
entertainment

to a bodily function before.

movies.

Comes in here.

What I'm saying is, that acts

like gun shows, just do not
have punch.

adding an old guy with a whip?

Style.

You know what i'm saying.

I only know you're not talking
about my show.

The Diamond Booking Agency
needs acts with class.

rarely wear pants?

Besides mill towns and county
fairs.

We book acts and talent for
some of the most

prestigious social events in
the country.

digger monster truck's bar
mitzvah.

That's why I'm here.
Of course.

And you know it takes a great
deal of

skillful and well schooled
talent to fill

the needs and demands of our
clientele.

berate people.

Provide entertainment for all
types of occasions.

Sounds like you need me.

We need people with something
special.

People who can take something
as dated and dull as a gun

show, and turn it into a.

rides a dog. (Kevin laughs)

A momentous event.

A momentous event?

Now you're talking about my
show.

Oh? Really?

Oh yes.

A momentous event?

about bowel movements?

Yes Mrs. Diamond.

Your gun show?

A momentous event.
A momentous event?

movie. It's stuck. (Bill
laughs)

Not exactly what I hear.

But it's pretty close.

And if what my talent scout and
advisers

are telling me is true Miss
Jamison.

destruction of property at a
motel.

With us.

With the help of the Diamond
Booking Agency.

secretary.

You can have not only the best
gun show on earth.

But the greatest gun show the
earth has ever seen.

We ARE that big.

being

in a middle school teacher's
lounge.

With the help of Diamond
Booking, you will never

have to play one of those
backwoods performances again.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

Whoo! Whoo!

gun show comes to our backwoods
town.

Wait, she did what?

Oh I did myself again! We're
back to nature!

Give me one of those beers.

trips in Brokeback Mountain

didn't involve stripping off
your clothes this quickly.

Where's that beer at?

I'm coming! I'm coming!

Here.

Cool that boy off a little bit.

Budweiser canning process.

You already look like a lunatic.

Oh! Kiss my shorts brother!
We're in the country!

Come on! It's time to let loose
and have a little bit of fun!

Snuffy Smith

and Louisie don't talk about.

What the hell's wrong with you?

Not this Garbo. What's wrong
with you? I came out here to
get loose!

Enjoy myself. Have a little
fun!

Well tighten up.

I came out here to relax.

rifle until right now?

It's a jungle man. Wild beasts!

Hungry predators! Here!

Come on! Fire a few rounds!

Loosen up a little bit.

Come on, kill some animals.
Enjoy yourself!

greets his house guests.

I don't feel like making a fool
out of myself today.

Okay Andrew? I came out here

with the need to get a little
relaxation.

gonna smeegle

the other one by the end of
this trip.

Alright?

Man, you're already getting
dull.

We ain't been here ten minutes.

longest it's ever

taken for a fishing trip to get
dull.

â™ª â™ª

hand out Halloween candy.

Sitting there.

â™ª â™ª

the sport of fishing!

Should have had at least five
more beers by now. (Kevin
laughs)

(shot fires)

someone that

wanted me to put on pants!

Sorry Peter. I won't disturb
you anymore.

Okay?

Man.

Through It with

an all dork cast was a bad idea.

Ha ha!

boot and a

fish skeleton for the cartoon
fishing triple crown.

You know I just really
appreciate you picking up my
trash.

pollute (bleep).

What can I say?

You know I'll get you out
pretty good with that thing.

I tell you andrew I really want
to win

that tournament next weekend.

You know they're giving away a
boat?

Grand prize is a boat!

giving it away! A boat!

I don't know.

I'll be up against some pretty
stiff competition.

I'm fairly good with that light
line.

But it's this heavier stuff
that gives me the trouble.

want to come up here you say?

Need practice.

Need lots of practice.

And practice, practice,
practice.

get to Carnegie Hall!

What do you say we go find some

serious targets though?

What?

Just try it over that hill say
right there.

I bet there's a lot of birds
over there.


the sound of my earlier gun
shots.

I'm gonna let you use my
favorite rifle.

I'm gonna try and bring them
down with this baby right here.

Bring them down?

Birds. Birds.

Why?

in the second

amendment of the declaration of
independence

thank you president Lincoln.

I just don't like killing
animals.

Christ, they're just birds.
Dammit.

And there's nothing wrong with
knocking off a few damn birds.

Or squirrels, or rabbits, or
whatever.

at the

Philly Fanatic. That'll teach
him to read my thoughts.

I could have sworn we came up
here on vacation?

We are.

Well when are we gonna start
having some fun?

I am Andrew.

boner

of a man who isn't having fun?

Just can't be defined.

And this happens to be one of
them.

You just have yourself a real
blast.

will.

(radio heard in background)

Don't kill anything you won't
eat.

slogan.

Yes sir mister game warden! I
just don't like waste.

That's all.

Waste? I'd like for you to know
that if it wasn't

for hunters, there'd be a lot
of stinking

animals running wild all over
the place.

So there's just nothing wrong
with shooting a few damn birds.

director

James Nguyen realizes his
life's calling.

You tell Daniel Boone I said
hello.

And beware of redskins.

You know there's potential
danger behind every tree.

draft picks resulting

in decades of unwatchable
football.

If it were more kept in control
around here.

Right. First you want to shoot
at targets.

Next you want to terminate out
of control squirrels.

Why don't you go ahead and make
a big joke about it?

underwear holding a gun.

To protect people like you.

Protect me Andrew.

Protect me from the deadly
squirrels.

Oh they're falling out of the
sky!

The crazy deer, the vicious
rabbits!

Aw! Here comes the deadly
woodpecker.

Look out!

Ha ha ha!

Go on!

Acts like a dildo.

received

very poorly on America's Got
Talent.

â™ª â™ª

meet cutes

are getting dopier with every
movie.

â™ª â™ª

Peter! Peter!

Help! Help?

first fat guy ass!

Help! Help you kill some poor
animal?

Why don't you try shooting at

something that can shoot back?


â™ª â™ª

(shot fires)

(shot fires)
what's left of my crotch!

Oh my former crotch! Oh the
pile of goo that used to be my
crotch!

â™ª â™ª

(shot fires)

relatively tasteful trucker hat.

Andrew? You alright?

music. You can't be

too careful out here. (Kevin
laughs)

Andrew?

â™ª â™ª

Andrew?

crack.

I forgot that a woodpecker
killed your grandparents.

â™ª â™ª

buy a fishing license!

I'll pay the fine! I'll pay the
fine!

(shots fire)

dumb enough to

make aliens have a deadly
weakness to water.

when you pry it from my cold.

Or when I fling it away in
frustration like a four year
old.

â™ª â™ª

gym, applying a healthy dose

of Gold Bond powder to his
whip.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª


on side kicks for the Packers.
(Kevin laughs)

â™ª â™ª

almost as ridiculous

as the soccer player that just
got lightly tapped on the elbow.

versus Predator

Frog and Toad are friends
author Arnold Labelle

versus his quirky little
predator.

â™ª â™ª

And this gun was given to me by
my father.

It's a browning 22 lever
action.

I started shooting with that
gun when I was seven years old.

police stopped me.

And you say your show

is in transit at the present
time?

Yes.
In good hands I hope.

So, in a week you will have
fulfilled all of

your prior commitments, Miss
Jamison.

her gig

shooting rats at the dump.

Organizing your new show with
us immediately.

But I respect your obligation
with other agents.

And I am sure you will show the
same

courtesy to the Diamond Agency.

up the typewriter

sound effects even louder.

In a week, we will be promoting
you big.

No more small town stuff.

You'll have to stop giving
those backwoods performances.

Agency will not rest until

all backwoods performances are
wiped off the face of this
earth.

Understand?
Yes.

With the Diamond Booking Agency
behind you,

the scope of your little gun
show, will be

stretched beyond your
imagination.

watermelon?


(horn honks)

agency.

Enjoy our views of the good
part of downtown.

Okay Mrs. Diamond.

After this week, no more
backwoods performances.

you leave a room,

take a long walk, then continue
a conversation.

You're doing it again honey.

Oh, Jesse.

I was wondering when you were
gonna come back.

deep

in contemplative thought.

Two more days, Wes isn't here
yet.

Looks like we'll be going to
Alex's place after all.

run down his spine.

Maid came in and wanted to
clean up.

I told her not to bother. I
needed to sleep.

After, working like I did last
night.

behind Coffee is for Closers

on those greatest film
monologues lists.

Looks like we're gonna be
buying a new door Jesse.

hair

melds with my bed sores.

Time and energy I spent last
night,

and that agent's secretary
turns out to be a real loser.

mind getting me

some white castle to eat
shirtless in bed?

After you left.

Said she couldn't talk her boss
into booking us.

Not even for one single show.

God that burns me up.

already burning my genitals.

You know it's amazing how some
people

abuse their little bit of
power.

Hacksaw Jim Duggan

to get free oil changes.

Being abused by young girls.

You know what I mean Jesse.

Yes I do Frank.

I know exactly what you mean.

hard not to picture it.

Absolutely nothing booked after
this week.

And the reason for that is you
have no discipline.

The only time you ever manage
to get

anything booked at all is by
pure luck.

raw hear suit sensuality.

Impress some gullible young
girl

and get her into bed with you.

Well I'm tired of it.

time they say "young girl".

Shocked and offended.

You're also unemployed.

â™ª â™ª

her car and

and provided her a montage
consultant.

â™ª â™ª

Stay Free maxi pads commercial?

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

your having fun!

In the blue Mustang packed full
of guns!

You don't need no garage!

When you're cruising in a music
montage!

â™ª â™ª

director's

girlfriend is in a band, band.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

a top gear voiceover.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

Jesse's slow sensible driving

is the real momentous event.



the moment

and find out what Lightning
McQueen is up to.

Well I know I put it in there.

Where the hell is it?

Somebody must have taken it.

Amanda!

Well somebody could have stolen
it.

Why don't you just admit you
left the darn thing at home?

the beast.

Warren?

Help this lady.

Right George.

Now I'm gonna have to buy a new
map.

Just fill it up please.

relief.

I'll buy the map, you just stay
in the car.

No no no no! I'm gonna buy the
map!

No just shut up, okay? I am
going to buy the map.

ate.

I paid for it! I'll buy the map!

What do you think you're doing?

What do you think you're doing?

You come back out here right
now.

pretending

not to hear murder suicides.

Afford a car like this wouldn't
act like school children.

Maturity doesn't necessarily
come with age.

Or with money.

You said that right ma'am.

were impeccable.

A horse trough? (laughs)

Yes ma'am. We refuel horses as
well as cars.

Quite an enterprise.

pig noses and lube too.

Alex Thompson?

Yes ma'am his horse Forever
running away

and coming down here to eat.

canadian tuxedo.


Don't eat his cooking.

Even his horse can't stand it.

origin story?

Kiss my butt!

Oh shut up and get in the car!

How much is this map?

I believe that's a dollar.

It's a dollar down the drain
Amanda!


for new molester glasses
Amanda!

You lose everything

(indistinct bickering)

UNICEF corporate will reimburse
me.

Try not to lose this one.

What are you complaining about
now?

I didn't lose it. I put it
here.

Watch Robert. Watch me put it
in the glove compartment.

say. Money can't buy happiness.

Or good dialog. (indistinct
bickering)

Just shut up!

Oh Robert I've had it with you.
Kiss my butt!

â™ª â™ª

colonies start.

You're Jesse Jamison aren't
you?

Yes I am.

I thought I knew who you were.

thinks his boss said

Jenna Jamison.

Alex's nephew. Wes?



Warren just put the lady's gas
cap back on will you?

Now he's right.

Wes has been a little something
less

than an asset working for me.


I recall Alex saying he hoped
working for you might settle

his sister's boy out of
business.

military schools of the 80s.

All ready.

handle the money.

You know I saw your show about
a year ago Mrs. Jamison.

Sure was good.

I feel like every man should
have

a gun to protect his family.

Torrance, Marvin Gay Senior.

That's funny.

I think some people shouldn't
even own a water pistol.

pro-water gun control platform.

diverged at a yellow wood.


Sabat's iron man as a toddler.

(Bill laughs)

Ewww.

it!

Damn.

finding this stuff

laying around. I love NRA
country.


â™ª â™ª

Three of them.

right.

I DO need math in real life.

â™ª â™ª

in that car. She probably

doesn't need to make her
costumes so small.

(cow moos)

Ranch!

Hello Jesse!

Hello Alex!

It's nice to see you again
little lady!

Been a long time Alex. How are
you?

Howard the Duck.

I'm an old mountain man now.

Oh you're not old. And you're
not a mountain man either.

Of course I'm a mountain man.
Look around you.

This is all right in the middle
of the mountains.


The owner of the most popular
sporting

goods store in the county.

But a mountain man at heart.

You still living alone up here?

mountain men mingle dot com"?

I've fixed up the guest room.

And I've invited a couple of
young men to dinner.

How young?

Well not too young. Just about
right for you.

Sounds great.

hospitality like a menage a
tois.

Very far?
Not very far. I haven't seen
that boy in years.

I'll take you up right after
dinner.

favorite.

I have some business to finish
with Wes.

You understand?

I understand but can it wait
until after dinner?


Wes was to meet me at a motel
yesterday.

You know how punctual he is.

Yes I understand he has a
little trouble meeting

appointments that don't concern
a girl.

You said it.

peter in the water here.

I want to catch him before he
leaves because if he

starts down I came up here for
nothing.

I understand.

Come in, I'll draw you some
directions.

Great.

together.

attractiveness of the bell boys
appears to be

increasing as the movie goes
on.


of Mensa pamphlets.


Louis Vuitton knock offs!

â™ª â™ª


to unwind after a long day of
rectal probing.

â™ª â™ª

This fall on the history
channel.

Hell, we'll show anything!

â™ª â™ª

mayhem

goes I'll take the vandalism
over

zeno morph gestation any day.

â™ª â™ª (shots fire)

most of the guys in this movie

would be doing on other planets
if they

could get there. (Kevin laughs)

Centauri rules!

You know that road up to Wes'
cabin

is a real rough mountain road.

I'm gonna put you in some real
transportation.

Come on weiner mobile!

Aw it's a stupid horse.

Ahh.

these.

What a beautiful animal.

I thought you'd like him.

Are you gonna let me ride him
to Wes' cabin?

Well that's the general idea.

specifically how this horse
thing works.

Um well.

Well?

We call him Mr. Stud.

Mister?

Stud.

too long.

I can imagine.

We'll be burning moon light
pretty soon.

I hope you get back before the
dinner gets cold.

Well let's saddle up Mr. Stud.

You got it.

about this once.

(Kevin laughs)

â™ª â™ª

Great's horse

called Czar Stud?

â™ª â™ª

I'm much less afraid of the
aliens

than I am of seeing another
shirtless, bed ridden

grease ball with a young girl.
â™ª â™ª

inaccessible

murder shack in the mountains.

Just ask any unibomber.

Always someplace besides where
he's needed.

(shot fires)

shack fights back.

â™ª â™ª

Dammit Wes! That's not funny!

â™ª â™ª

short to be so uptight about
gun safety.

Alright whoever is in there I'm
giving you

five seconds to come out, and
then I'm

gonna blow you straight to
hell.

One thousand one, one thousand
two.

anyone

in this town has ever counted.

Speak up woman! What the
devil's going on in there?

Are you Jesse Jamison?

Come out here and get my
autograph.

Get out now!

Yes, ma'am.

But move slowly.

Yes ma'am.

day! But do it slowly.

Thought you were them.

They keep coming by here

â™ª â™ª I wouldn't have fired the
gun had I known that.

If you'd known it was me?

Dammit woman. people kill their
best friends that way.

done it like eight times.

Are you sure you're alone in
there?

Yes ma'am.

Who did you mistake me for?

The monsters.

monstery to me ma'am.

They look like monsters.

Where's Wes? Are you one of his
friends?

Well, yes.

naked?

He left last night. Haven't you
seen him?

He left last night? Are you
sure?

Yes. I was supposed to leave
this evening.

But the monsters wrecked my
car.

that was all her.

And an explanation from Wes.
Come on.

Where are we going?

To the sheriff's office.

You can tell him about your
monsters.

Put your hands down now.

firm and high

Larue denture cream.

(birds chirping)

(faint sound of motor heard)

loudly pensive people.

Mmm. Mm hmm. Mmm.

land in a cow pie.

(motor heard)

immediately slap

a lawsuit on the Galax Gazette.

(cow heard)

damn cows

out of my breakfast nook.

Morning Alex.

Morning Jesse.

Did you get that little outfit
in Paris?

thong!

Silly with a bathrobe.

Aw I think it looks kind of
cute on you Alex.

What time did you get in last
night lady?

in with me?

Said something about a sheriff

taking a woman out of Wes'
cabin?

It was close to midnight.

But I'm afraid you're not gonna
be very happy

with me when I tell you what I
did.

What did you do?

this movie.

Missing our dinner engagement.

Last night, I asked the sheriff
to find Wes for me.

What's so wrong about that?

You needed to find your show.

Besides, Peter and Andrew never
showed up.

They be eating my cooking
before. Pretty bad.

cook.

Say you don't happen to have a
whip lying around huh?

Well when they find Wes I'm
gonna fire him.

I figured that.

Outlaw!

I was sure that you would be.

I know he's your nephew.

Now wait a minute.

I was disappointed because as
an intelligent young lady

you should have fired him a
long time ago.

look dewy.

Lazy business manager of yours.

I sure hope your aim is better
than your business sense.


(phone rings)

Oh, get this thing will you?

I've got to get ready for work.
Tell whoever it is I've dropped
dead.

finally took my folder or
whatever.

Hello? Hello?

first of his many

many daily sitz baths. MANY
sitz baths.


to! Please!

Please don't! I planned to have
lunch today!

Mole bleach cyst reducing cream.

Where are those Tucks pads?
(Bill laughs)

(guys laugh)

laughs)

Oh my. You have all sorts of
interesting apparel don't you?

Jesse please!

turned on

by septagenarians in boxer
shorts?

He said some men called and
reported finding my show.

Good, now get out.

want to witness my piles.

That woman said Wes left night
before last.

Now why would he stop and camp
so close to his cabin?

Wes is completely
irresponsible.

camping!

No. The men called in from the
car.

They're investigating now.

I think if it's alright I'll
take Mr. Stud and ride and meet
them.

mine! I mean.

Get out.

Unless of course you want to
wash my back.


for the sake of

all that is decent! Please end
the scene! No!

Thank you!

Jesse Jamison.

Hey I've heard of him.

whisky

I put in my breakfast coke?

I wonder why whoever did this,

didn't take that guy's money?

of True Detective is a letdown.

I'm gonna follow this trail
until the big boys get here.

Don't go too far.

They'll be turning up here any minute.
Yeah I know.

develop

more adipose tissue on my gut.

in here? Oh damn.

Excuse me miss.

We're conducting an
investigation here.

I'm gonna have to ask you to
move on along.

Where's the rest of my show?
Pardon?

Half my show's missing. Where's
the rest of it?

dress collection is gone!

No ma'am.

He should be here soon, but he
had to wait on the coroner.

The coroner?

Yes ma'am, they won't be long.

The coroner?

coroner about WES?

I figured he's told you.

Wes. Where is he?

Where is Wes?

Over there in the front seat.

But I don't think You want to
look in there.

county record.

You're not his girl are you?

No. I'm Jesse Jamison.

He worked for me. Sometimes.

Poor guy.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

to it. Minor characters like me

ain't gonna kill themselves.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª


â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

of Barney Fife.

â™ª â™ª

Cronkite.

Hey! What are you going out
there?

What the hell does it look like
I'm doing?

I ain't mowing the yard.

I ain't cooking out in the
grill.

And I sure as ain't driving in
my Chevrolet.


I'm making decorative yet
functional bookends out of

antique metal toys I bought at
the flea market.

Now look old man.

We're conducting a murder
investigation.

Now bring that boat over here!

Suck worms!

mooning position.

Now listen. There are foot
prints.

Coming in and out from the
water's edge right here.

I need to get to the other side.

to see if the killer came in
from over there.

There might be a trail to

tell us where he came from.

court over by the freeway exit.

To the other side.

I won't hassle you okay?

you.

Right. They lead to the
victim's car.

I need to get to the other
side, to see if I

can find out where they came
from.

Well what if your killer went
on downstream?

That's what I need to find out.

Hmm.

floating comment section.

Hey I don't see no foot prints.

Now look.


Come in O1. Matt?


Dumb ass. Never could use a
walkie talkie.

â™ª â™ª

about

her friend's murder. But it's a
very mellow concern.

â™ª â™ª

old Prince of Persia

game music playing in her head.

â™ª â™ª

single tear and get back on the
trail.

â™ª â™ª

Come on boy. Let's go.

It doesn't feel very safe
around here.

My stud sense is tingling.

â™ª â™ª

the large white

horse following three feet
behind her?


(shots fire)

starting horse races.

â™ª â™ª

horse now? He's evil but fair.


â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

safety of a tree dangling

over a river and immediately
fall down.

groping or

collegiate free style
wrestling?

wrestling, the alien

already has a good five points
on her.

she's getting called for
stalling.

â™ª â™ª

Thank god you're here!

â™ª â™ª

him out!

Ha ha! Straight to hell for me
right?



couple of weeblos are earning

the most traumatic fishing
merit badge ever!

Well it's the least I can do.

Where's your horse?
He ran away.

Who do you think I am, the lone
ranger?

attacked by an alien.

On the lookout for three men
believed

to be dressed in skin diving
suits.

Suspected of committing a rash
of county murders over the past
two days.

In addition authorities
believed.

decorate his bedroom like this.

A college student.

Based on descriptions provided
by surviving attack victims.

Rumors of Big Foot creatures
have begun to circulate.

in Jack Link for questioning.

Have been caused by some type
of flippers the skin divers

were wearing, when the attacks
were made.

keep Lash out of here.

Jesse?

What's going on? The place is
like a booby trap!

With strings and pots and pans.

You'll have to forgive my
paranoia Alex.

Get out!

Have to sleep without some kind
of alarm.

Well where did you get the idea
for this?

From an old western movie?

always string up pots before
bed.

I've got a show tomorrow.

Jesse do you think you can do a
show

with most of your guns stolen?

I'd better be able to.

The Diamond Agency people will
be

watching me very carefully.

and now I am acting them.

And if I don't come through and
look really god,

I'm afraid they'll go back to
Mrs. Diamond.

And there goes my star studded
contract.

Well Jesse if there's anything
you can use in my store,

you're more than welcome to it.

Thank you Alex.

and more like

a chain restaurant assistant
manager interview.

That thing couldn't breathe
when

Peter broke the tank tube.

Peter thinks they're from
another world.

From another world?

opera.

Do you realize how far advanced
a person would have to

be in order to come in from
outer space?

college level, minimum.

It would be so barbaric and
terrible

as the thing that attacked you.

If the human race is any
example Alex,

then I think it's quite
rational.

there's a lesson

in that for all of us, if I
knew what

the HELL they were talking
about.

Lash Larue custom hernia
trusses.


Wessley's place.

Have a bloody Mary. Some
breakfast perhaps.

Oh hell I forgot.

Damn truck.

"diabetes!" from the bushes.

truly a gift to us here at
RiffTrax.

Thank you, this guy.

Oh!

titanic mass right in front of
me.

Are you looking for Alex?
Yeah is he home?

Yeah. Go on in.

(Luger stutters)

awkwardness.

He creates his own gravity
field.

(sounds of cans)

What in the hell is going on
around here?

the hell

was HE doing in HER bedroom?

But if any of those outlaws
come around, we'd have sure
heard them.

shouldn't drink before lunch.


Your name is Luger?

Well it sure as hell ain't.

It sure as hell ain't bread
fruit.


You gotta go this way.

I wonder if Mr. Stud came back
last night?

He wouldn't come here.
Why not?

Whenever he gets loose, he goes
to George's filling station.

They feed him like he was an
elephant down there.

junior samples here.

Well I think I'll check on him
before I leave.

He won't be there.

He likes George's food a lot
better than he likes mine.

By the way, did you finish
breakfast?

Sure did. It was awful.

like gin waffles?

Oh hell hold still!

scratch their heads and say
"what the hell?"

(birds chirping)

keeper theme park.

Mr. Stud?
Mr. Stud?

Chamberlain pops out of the hay.

He's not there right?

No he isn't.
Yeah I told you.

answer to MR. Stud

ever since he got his
doctorate.

(heavy breathing heard)

for their sleep apnea?


horse.

Well Jesse?
Well Alex?

I can't say the last couple of
days have been fun.

laughs)

When things get back to normal
I hope you'll figure this

a good place to spend a few
days once in a while.

Oh I'm sure that I will Alex.

that sporting goods store you
OWN sometime!

Having guilt feelings about
what those monsters are doing
are ya?

Aw only a little.

known as guilt.

Listen young lady your career
is important.

You're not the police, and it's
not your responsibility

to go around looking for
hobgoblins.

murdered my nephew.

Ha ha ha. We have fun.

Work out my credit problem not
to learn some new self defense
technique.

Well we were just stringing you
up a little bit Luger.

You sure did look funny!

left side of my body is still
numb! Ha ha ha!

Now Jesse drive slow.

registered font for the Jesse
Jamison gun show.

Be sure and give me a call.

I'd like to know if Mr. Stud
got in all right.

Sure thing Alex.

thing Mr. Stud

got into was Richie Tennenbaum
headbands.

fertilizer tastes as good as
the synthetic?

approaching cars interrupting
him,

God knows how many things he'd
eat from the ground.

Hey cow girl!
Hi!

corn nut in your tire treads?

Have you been eating candy?

Uh, candy.

he's been eating,

wearing, or sleeping underneath.

Do you know what this is?

his doctor weekly.

It's a motor ma'am.

Do you know what's wrong with
this?

horse manure is running low.

Yeah your battery will
discharge unless you get
another one.

Do you have another one like
it?

couldn't pass the touring test.

Let me ask George.

George!

owner's perished in a

firey map related car wreck.

Well, hello again Mr. Chicken.

zoologists since you hatched
from that egg?

It's okay I can't blame you.

You look good.

How are you Miss Jamison?

I'm fine thank you.
Listen we can't afford

to carry all the size belts up
here.

the meth sales.

Fix your car.

Well can you just fix something
for me so I can drive a few
miles?

Yes ma'am. I'll fix you right
up.

Ozarks.

Thank you.

Oh and could I use your phone?

I'd like to call Alex about Mr.
Stud.

Certainly, go right inside.
Thank you.

I'd rather watch a movie
starring these guys.



Re-do the shot?


â™ª â™ª

the Dolly Parton hotline.

(phone rings)

least ten rings

before he realizes the bells
aren't

coming from INSIDE his head.

â™ª â™ª


â™ª â™ª

here? Geez.

(sound of toilet flushing)

Get all settled down and then
that damn phone.

book was strictly for wiping.

Hello?

Luger?

Estelle Getty!

I was afraid that.

Afraid?

No no no. Just a little
involved there. Ha ha.

â™ª â™ª

change purses.

â™ª â™ª

And I'm quite fond of my mail
bag bib.

Well it took you so long to
answer the phone.

I thought well, you can rest
assured everything's just fine
here.

snaking though.

Well I was kind of indisposed.


Luger?

Luger? Luger?

it's free CONE day at Baskin
Robbins.

Luger?

â™ª â™ª



â™ª â™ª

of the skirt.

Can't gun fight without exposed
under parts.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

is how he

usually enters the bathroom.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

even started on the price
gouging! Ma'am!

(horse neighs)

a blurry polaroid

of myself by your pay phone!

Whoo!

Go get 'em girl!

gotta worry

about a timing belt.


candy dish.

â™ª â™ª
What the hell is it?


(Bill laughs)


helmet works.

Ah, ah ah. Just hold a minute.

You want to use the toilet I'll
be out in a minute.

gonna wait an hour to go in
anyway.

â™ª â™ª

What the hell?

contract stipulates he must
enter and

exit a bathroom a minimum of
fourteen times during any
movie.

â™ª â™ª


skin of his pudding!

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

brother with those mini bikes?
(Bill laughs)

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

convention.

â™ª â™ª

screen time will provide

enough information as to why
this delights me.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

friend's funeral?


â™ª â™ª (growling)

always kennel your alien.

Run Luger!

life, do it without your
drawers falling down!

Geez.
â™ª â™ª


â™ª â™ª

you for live stock back home.

â™ª â™ª (shot fires)

For god's sake, run!

amusing distraction!

Come on Alex.

You get out of here boy.

Lash's silver screen heroics.

â™ª â™ª

Oh! Whoa!

(shot fires) â™ª â™ª

offering

internships on your farm?

â™ª â™ª (growling)

(shot fires)


The other dog at the gas
station? Oooo!

(explosion sounds)

air his

autopsy? Ha ha ha ha!

â™ª â™ª

Jesse she just murdered

the talent scout from the
Diamond Booking Agency.


Ha ha ha ha!


â™ª â™ª

(shot fires)

they're

stupid enough to let you ride
them.

â™ª â™ª

Give them hell Jesse!

in to the Waldorf and Stadler
role.

Aim for the tank.

â™ª â™ª

Ride on you fellas!

pants-wetting fear some more.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

overalls. It's all of two
snaps!

I'll get you ammunition.

â™ª â™ª

Ha ha ha!

lemonade while they regroup.

Jesse, the horse rides double
just fine.

Why don't I come with you?

Sorry Alex. I need to practice.
confetti pyramids.

Be careful girl.
Way to go girl!

I appreciate it! I owe you one!

moon pie in my pocket.

Oh never mind! I just ate the
moon pie!

You go girl!

â™ª â™ª

get her on the front page

of the GAYlax Gazette I don't
know what will.

â™ª â™ª

getting back from putting

bullets through the brains of
those Duke boys.

Finally had enough.

(sound of sirens)
What happened Alex?

Did your grill catch on fire?

Oh that's cute.
bad. It's funnier every time!

You know it's against the law
here.

So much safer now.

I mean now that the cavalry's
here.

for fat sarcasm every year.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

ryder BB gun from Ralphie?

â™ª â™ª

chase.


No need to stress. RELAX!

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

pass a stock

comedy scenario back there? My
bad.

I'll pause for some shtick.

cowboy hat. Airstream

trailer hick. Sure, we all know
the type.

â™ª â™ª (shot fires)

(shot fires)

pointing them guns at each
other.

But I had no idea they was
fixin' to shoot them!

â™ª â™ª

ammo box gag!


laughs)

(shot fires)


realistic about how

many bullets a gun can hold,
doesn't make a movie better.

â™ª â™ª

Yes sir.
We'll stay positioned here but
you better get

most of your men in this area.

That woman is supposedly
chasing two of the guys now.

hillbillies

seem to believe they're make a
movie, over.

I'm sure Alex thought the woman
shot one of them though.

laughs)

Yes sir. No body, just a fire.

I was a fireman for seven
years.

I know what burning flesh
smells like.

aroused by it.

The killer got away.
It was monstrous.

Bigger than you and me both.

Well maybe you and him.
But I mean, not me and you.

Luger you're not normal.

"the smell of burning flesh".


Ugly as hell.
Yes sir.

Double ugly. Seven feet tall.

coffee order.

Oh the hell with him Alex.

It's obvious that he doesn't
believe us.

Well now wait a minute now
fellas.

I mean maybe the policeman will
believe us when that

thing walks up and bites him on
the ass.

absolutely nobody so far.

You think we're crazy with our
monster stories don't you?

Well I.

Well it is crazy I know. I
don't understand it.

I'm falling in love with you.

Where did they come from?

What's their game?

Huh?
We're the game.

hungry hungry hippos.

If we don't do something
besides standing around

and talking about it, we're in
trouble.

Space men.

Coming up out of the water huh?

Actually he come at me through
a toilet window.

that's pronounced TERLET
winder!

About coming up out of the
water.

Look I was just kidding.

Kidding? Why are you kidding?

This is serious boy!

we can hear but not see
anywhere.

Maybe they had come out of the
water.

What?


It's obvious where their
spaceship is.

Oh yeah, sure.

Swartzen is skeptical.

I can't believe you wouldn't at
least have checked that out!

What is he talking about?

that should be

every other line of dialog in
this movie.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

belts ought to do it.

Nothing left to weigh him down.

current.

(shot fires)

old diaper!

What is wrong with you people?

â™ª â™ª (shot fires)

(explosion sounds)


shoot at scuba divers.

divers in your lake?


We'd kidnap them and drop them
out there.

Sorry for being silly.

friend.

Three little bullets.

â™ª â™ª

Jesse you've gotta stop giving
these backwoods performances.

mumbling.

(sheep sounds in background)

background sheep make me limp
too.

Hey Peter! Do you really think
there's a

space ship out there?

I know there is Luger.
exactly?

I'd think you were crazy if I
didn't know what happened to
Jesse.

Grab a shot gun Alex.

Come on! We're losing time.

Just like a revenuer.

It's be just like blowing up a
still!

"revenuer" before the movie
ended.

I was getting worried.

(sheep sounds in background)

But I wanted to go with you!


Ah shit!

another car handy.

â™ª â™ª

home?

let the door hit

you where the good lord split
you pilgrim.

â™ª â™ª

the star now.

It's up to you to bring this
picture home!

Brilliant! You've done it again
flashlight!

â™ª â™ª


Parliaments. All the way back
to planet Kleptar

without a pack of Parliaments.

(birds chirping)

biggest stunt of the entire
movie. (Kevin laughs)

If your crazy theory is true, I
have serious doubt as to our
ability

to blow up anything that god
knows how far it is to get
here.

Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny.

uh, we

will try to make it won't we?

â™ª â™ª


The quest to keep their hair
from getting wet.

â™ª â™ª (growling)

second biggest stunt

of the entire movie.

â™ª â™ª


You know I think we should be
out looking for Jesse.

I'm not too sure we're doing
the right thing at all.

like a weird time to recreate
the Andy Griffith opening.

Can you handle that stuff?

Look, have a little faith.

I have very little faith.

I'm not too sure you know how
to handle that stuff.

Well I do.
It takes somebody that has
been studying it you know.

What did you bring the fishing
rod for?

know, some other kind of weapon
you might be known for?

Is this the spot?
It looks like it.

coyote experienced with
dynamite plungers.

Go over there along with the
box.

Oh the wire.

me to watch that show.

Peter you'd better know what
you're doing boy!

Ford Escort and a horse.

There my country vehicle bingo
card is full.

â™ª â™ª

sooner but she had to get her
hair massivized.


white trash cousins for help.

â™ª â™ª

to think this

old timey dynamite would kill
advanced aliens.

But he stopped one with a fish
hook earlier, so.

Peter!

When you're working with powder
you have to do it in the right
sequence.

Now are you sure you got it in
the right order?

dynamiters.

Hey Alex, look.
Hey Jesse! Jesse! Over here!

Quiet Peter. You'll wake up
your monsters.

nearby, for some reason I am
apparently aware of.

Peter, you make too much noise
to be a good hunter.

â™ª â™ª

Oh hell.

to Tivo NCIS.

â™ª â™ª

Skeletor. Say it!

He's a bad one now Jesse. I got
him!

Better be fast.

blow up right next to their
gun?

knows where the dynamite is.

Not working Alex.

I knew you didn't know what you
were doing.


all the jokes about your
cooking being bad.

Hilarious. Hah hah hah.

(shot fires)


dodges the slowest bullet in
the world..

steroid scandal.



casting.


Alex!

here was to land in the middle

of nowhere and awkwardly drown
a fisherman?

seriously pro-fish.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

Thank god you're here.
Let me have that gun.

Alex, no!
I think I can get him.

There are only three bullets.
at him? No?

Please Alex.

Get him in a hurry. He's
killing Peter.

next.

â™ª â™ª

sees my butt real good again.

â™ª â™ª


Hang on Peter!
Peter!

Just think of that big sweaty
hug from Luger waiting for you
when you get back.


he's making.

Kill him! Kill Peter! (Kevin
laughs)


You'll take him alright!

Shoot him! You can hit him!
Shoot him!

he's getting excited.

Sorry Peter I just can't do it.

Kill him! Kill him before he
kills me!

taking it his time about it.

I just have three bullets left
Alex.

Even if I'm faster it'll never
take him down.

bullets.

The quantity of the remaining
bullets is THREE!

I wanted to make sure everyone
got that.

I think he wants you to holster
your gun Jesse!

gesture interpreter of the wild
west.

You have to holster yours.

It's a suicide. don't do it
Jesse!

probably the

quickest way out of this movie.

Don't force it Jesse. No.


Lewis sounds.

How about that? Bilateral
disarmament.

Outlaw gets political.

â™ª â™ª

nobody gets hurt.

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

Aim for the giant Jesse.

Look at him Alex.
pretty to kill.

He'll never turn his back to
me.

He don't have to.

movie's climax to

be too fast paced and thrilling?


Jims!

Spicy, original, mild. All my
favorites are here!

â™ª â™ª

Chili's.

You can take him Jesse.
But I've never been fast Alex.

You don't have to be fast to be
good. And you're good.

I've never been fast.

mentioned I've only got three
bullets left.

â™ª â™ª (growling)

Aim careful Jesse.

I want to watch him die.

for Lash Larue in this movie.

He was definitely there when
they made it.

â™ª â™ª

"nothing will ever be OK again"
corral.

â™ª â™ª

as long

as the other guy gets
distracted.

Alex!

Jesse! Dynamite!

I'm sure it's fine.

Jesse! Aim careful.

firmly in mind.

â™ª â™ª

(shot fires) (explosion sounds)
causing

explosions nearby but not
actually exploding itself.



fishing pole like a whip when
the time was right.


setting that up.

But no, you didn't even do that.


I knew I'd watch that bastard
burn.

no real way.

â™ª â™ª

Outlaw would like to remind you

that there is definitely a
spaceship under water here

And if you doubted it for a
second,

we just didn't feel like
showing it in the movie.

That's alright boy. Now you
know who's the best.

â™ª â™ª

my handsome boyfriend, Luger.

(Mike and Bill) Wait, what?
Huh?

â™ª â™ª

quotes, because it's

not really clear they were
outlaws.

Or that any given one of them
was more of an outlaw than the
other two.

Or what they were doing there.

Or really, even that they were
in fact, aliens.


great, if you happened

across this RiffTrax without
paying for it,

it'd be pretty great if you'd
mosey on over to

rifftrax.com/donate and make
things right.

It's the only way we can keep
making them,

and we do appreciate it. Thanks
all!

And we'll see you next time!

amazing whip work, Lash Larue

Pretty great! â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

It's time for RiffTrax!

Copyright by RiffTrax, all
rights reserved.

