ï»¿1
Actually, I think it's a huge
mistake

to play Bach to start with.

Why?

I'll tell you why.

Because, you know, this is a
fifteen minute audition.

You need to make a statement.

You need to impress the jury.

And what would you like me

to make an impression with?

Well I think, in my mind,

you would start with probably a
Rachmaninoff Sonata.

Are you fucking insane?

Bravo! Bravo!

Okay I'm ready.

Buskowski, Schumann, Scarlatti.

I'm tired.

Sing a fifth first and just
take it down.

Same thing.

Marika is spending Valentine's
Day

in New York City.

Yeah...

In a classroom.

Yeah!

That's Carnegie Hall.

You ever played there?

Yeah I played two times there.

Is it nice to walk back by it?

Well yeah but I see it every
weekend.

Yeah but the important is to
play...

Play there.

Do you spend a lot of time

waiting when you come?

Yeah well usually what I do

is I'll just take her to her
lesson and then... go.

There's nothing else I can do.

The day flies.

Okay, you know...

I sound really bad.

Well what happened is

that your guitar is stuck.

Or you're strumming the air

instead of strumming the
strings.

You're doing this and...

yeah this has to sound like

a very energetic strumming of a
guitar.

Marika is a very intense kid.

And intensity is a two-edge
sword.

Just relax, and just play.

If she plays a wrong note

she gets so angry with herself

that that's all you can see...

if she could hit herself she
would.

See, now you sound like
something

because you sound like you have
character

in the playing instead of fear.

How did it go?

It went well I just got my
grade report

from pre-College division.

And it's pretty good.

I have As. That means honors.

So I'm happy yeah!

A nice way to finish the day.

You know we keep looking at the
horses

and always wondering are we
going to go

for a little ride at some point.

But we haven't done it yet.

You don't want to look like a
gothic.

Oh shit.

It's been a few months I
haven't performed.

So it's going to be the first
time

I'm performing a real recital...

I'm getting stressed a little
bit now.

Well it went pretty well,

I was just I got really tired

because the piano is actually
heavier

than at my house, actually yeah,

so I got a little bit tired

by playing a Scarlatti Sonatas

but hopefully Schumann was a
bit quieter so...

Are you going to wait for your
daddy or no?

Yes, I think I will wait for him

because it's not professional

going out and seeing my dad

so I'm just going to wait until
my dad comes

because I think he's talking
with his friends

that came so I'm going to let
him talk

and he'll come soon I know.

No doubt.

Yes.

In which piece?

No, but Schumann...

Yes, yes Schumann

but they're not at the same
tempo.

The pieces are not written at
the same tempo...

Inside each piece, pieces are
too short,

too short to change each tempo
inside.

You need more unity of that
movement...

Yes he's here, I think he's
talking over there.

Yes.

Ok.

All the best.

Thank you.

Air Canada, Montreal passenger,
Marika Bournaki, flight at gate G12.

When I listen to Marika play,

I find that she has this
beautiful tonality,

she has something that cannot
be taught.

You learn technique, you learn
pedaling,

you learn to read music but you
don't learn heart.

Heart is something, which you
have to feel,

you just sense.

As the time approaches, she'll
feel more nervous

and I know I'm going to hear
the same stuff...

I'm afraid, and this and that.

It's usual.

Sometimes I just don't really
want to practice

or maybe I'm better off being
in Montreal

and being with my friends

and having fun and go to
parties...

but in the end, I really like
what I do

and I'm sure it can bring me
really far,

and makes me happy and people
around me happy.

So, why not do it?

Stupendous, thank you.

Thank you very much.

Her fingers from the side
reminded me of a spider

if you will but the feminity of
a real woman

taking control of that
Steinway.

Excellent, excellent,

I have grandchildren and I try
to get them

to learn but it has to be...
it's a gift.

I liked your pretty hands.

Thank very much, thank you.

The instructions enclosed...

Do her parents know that
she's...

Yeah yeah they know.

Her mom told me to get her out
of class.

So what are we going to do?

Bring her to Second Cup.

Second Cup? I mean she's not
stupid guys.

When she's coming we talk about
euhm...

Just say we're talking about...

The O.C.! Starting on thursday.

The O.C. ok the O.C.

They are so good liars...

Oh yeah, so it's easy.

Then at least now we've put
them to work

for a good cause.

Yeah exactly.

We're all shocked.

Everyone is pretty in shock.

She told us like a week ago.

We haven't seen her almost the
entire summer.

And she says she's leaving...
like forever.

Although we don't see Marika
that much

because she's always practicing
and stuff

like for her to leave...

it's a shock.

I'll come back!

I know you'll be back.

Surprise!

Apply pressure on left and
right side

with arms and think about how
special you are

to so many people.

Aw!

Marika, during the course of
these two years

we've seen you grow and become
who you are today

it's hard to let someone go so
soon

but we know that this will help
you

and you will be the great
pianist

you deserve to be some day.

We've all experienced so much
of you

and believe that it is all
unforgettable,

be it the good and the bad.

Not having you around will be a
big change

and will leave an empty space
in our group

and our lunch table.

We still can't believe that
this is all ending so fast

and in short just know that we
will

no doubt miss you

and also remember to be true to
yourself

and don't be afraid to show
anyone the real Marika.

We love you and care very much
no matter what.

Remember that.

Your friends Jessica and
Kirsten.

I hate brushing my teeth.

There's this song,

I don't know if you know it.

Jack Johnson Banana Pancakes.

And it's like euhm...

well I'll just play it.

But basically, it sounds like
go back to sleep.

So it's like, my mom was
listening to it,

this is what she listens to in
the morning,

but this is not good it's just
like

"can't you see that it's just
raining

ain't no need to go outside".

It's always hard to live away I
think.

When I first moved here

I wasn't used to be on my own

and doing everything on my own

and not having my parents drive
me...

I had to figure out how to
travel.

It was an hour at first.

You know, going to school, the
train,

I had to figure out the train
system.

I had no one to show me.

Ouch. I swear I will fall in
front of you.

See it's very tidy it's very...

I think I know myself better,

because you know I'm by myself.

I get a lot of time with myself

to think about my likes and
dislikes

and also I get to do whatever I
want to do

whenever I want to do.

I used to actually care what I
looked like...

oh I know what I'm going to
wear!

My sweatpants!

"Waking up too early,

maybe we could sleep in"...
see! Why!

Pretend like it's the weekend
now.

I suck at life.

So have you guys met any guys?

Have you been dating at all?

I think this is the first time

you've asked me this question.

No, this is why would you ask
this question!

I don't know! I just hit me,

like two girls together, just
like...

I don't know!

Were at Juilliard.

Okay, one, we were in the same
high school.

We were in PCS.

Everybody is gay.

Yeah...

or discusting. So... sorry PCS!

And then... Juilliard is almost
the same story.

But more of the latter than the
former.

It's like a...

It's all the same level.

Yeah. So what do you do about
it.

I change it...

Right.

But you can't change it

when you're sitting there...

Everything you do wrong is on
your face immediately.

If there's a sound you don't
like,

whether there's a note that you
missed...

whether it's fumbling a trill
or something...

it's immediately on your face.

Seriously.

Marika is definitely a colt.

A very vibrant and very
energetic one.

She does need to be tamed
sometimes.

But you know, sometimes you
wonder

how much taming you want to do

because you don't want them to
lose that spirit.

Okay, we're going. Oh!
Caramels.

Would you like some caramel?
Homemade.

Bye Momma.

We are going to Ottawa.

Or Gatineau... where?

Yeah, well I mean Gatineau is

right on the other side of the
Ottawa river.

And why are we going today now?

Well, what do you think?

Oh yeah, to practice on Glenn
Gould's piano!

I'll get full scholarship for
College.

I'll get to the top of the list.

I'll be number one.

And I'll get all the money.

Well, you know what? That would
be nice.

I know.

That's not what it sounded
like...

That's what it is...

Oh my god. Look at his
sunglasses.

Unbelievable. You have them
with you?

See! It's like, it could be one
of them.

Look at this, it's unbelievable.

It's exactly the same style as
the one down there.

The red one.

Can I have them! Please!

Playing on Gould's famous and
favorite Steinway piano,

we have a treat for you.

16 year old musical star Marika
Bournaki

will perform the prelude of
Johan Sebastian Bach.

English Suite â™ª2 in F minor.

Well we have the same taste in
sunglasses I mean...

She remembers me from earlier
than I remember her.

No!

Yeah!

Did you think he was cute when
you first saw him?

No... of course!

What was your first impression
when you saw her?

This is becoming a love story!

Nothing special...

I came to New York because I
knew that Marika was...

Good!

We met in pre college.

Stop!

Now I'll just go on my knees
and ask her to marry me.

No.

I've never seen my dad play in
this kind of setting ever.

So this is a first.

I'm excited.

See, now he's nervous, he's
practicing!

Yeah, what about me when I want
to warm up.

I have to scout pianos in
hotels.

When you're a pianist, you sit
at the piano.

But I remember, when I was
younger,

like when my knees were shaking

when you're standing up...

You feel them much more than
when you're sitting.

It's like a job interview.

If an important agent books you
anywhere in the world

that's your start in your
career.

So yes it's potentially a
career maker.

What if I suck?

Well, they'll either say,

thank you very much or they'll
say

even if you sucked it sounded
pretty good.

House management.

I'm so fucking tired.

I told them two beds.

If you want we can try to
change but...

I don't think you realize how
dirty this is.

Like, let me complain.

Do you see how dirty this is?

Do you see how this is dirty?

Do you see how dirty this is!

I've never stayed in a place
like this.

How am I supposed... how am I
supposed to sleep...

it's the same crap, it's just
because it's brown

that you can't see it.

It's so fucking ghetto.

Like what the fuck.

Where's the light?

Yesterday she didn't sleep at
all

so we basically went through
two days without sleeping.

And she got her period yesterday

so that added a little bit to
the whole...

emotional.

The most famous square in
London.

The Trafalgar Square.

I'm hungry,

I don't care about the Palace.

I can't even frickin visit it
so there's no point.

I know, we can't visit it.

The frickin Queen's in it.

This is so creepy, I don't like
this.

Me and David, that was my
boyfriend everyday,

I'd see him everyday and when I
leave,

I feel like I'm leaving
somebody behind but I mean,

that's fine, like I'm in London,

what the hell. Why am I
complaining?

I was just thinking like the
image of a college student

is like jeans and a big
sweatshirt.

Like more relaxed.

You know like comfort.

So it's kind of like...

In a way, for you, you dress
like this

just the way you want everyday.

I mean it's stages.

When you have a concert,

Ya have to have like you know,

it's like Superman.

You put your suit on.

Cat woman I would like to say.

Okay, Cat woman. Sorry about
that.

No but I'm talking about my
personal style.

Concert is not... well it
should be but...

Yeah, no it should be,

because I also think you're
making a statement

when you dress a certain way
when you play a concert.

It looks really bad.

It looks cheap, this looks
cheap.

It looks like a maid outfit.

I don't want to look for concert
clothes it pisses me off.

Everytime I played people have
told me I look fine.

I don't undertand this frickin
obsession.

There's no obsession, I look
fine.

Okay I have pretty blond hair,
it's fine.

Leave me alone.

One of the questions they'll
probably ask you is

why do you want to be a concert
pianist?

What do you enjoy about being a
concert pianist?

Nothing.

Well, do you enjoy the
practicing?

Yeah.

Okay, so that's one part of the
answer.

What else?

I can bullshit but that's about
it.

Okay. So what's the bullshit.

That I like to perform,

that I like to get a right for
a performance.

I'm very motivated,

I want to communicate something
to the public.

I'm not just playing for myself
and my practice room

but finally it's kind of like
the gratification

of when you get to play for the
public.

You have to play for other
people,

share what you've been working
on.

Actually it's funny because
this was your answer

you would give when you were
like 13 years old.

I know but that's because I
was...

You were more mature then than
now?

No, I wasn't mature I was set
up.

You set me up.

I set you up?

Yeah I had like...

I never told you...

Yeah you did, well kind of.

I had like a written answer to
say.

Like it's kind of how it's
tweeked.

Now it's not how I feel at all.

I don't want to travel,

I don't want... I see it as the
compromise.

I like to play for myself.

I like to learn.

Is this because you're attached
to much to New York?

No! It has nothing to do with
that.

It just has to do with that

I'm not twelve anymore

and it's not about playing

and signing autographs

and like thinking I'm so cool

because I'm going to places

and I'm missing school.

You know it's like...

I like "la petite vie".

I like my routine, I like to
practice,

I like to play for a couple of
people.

I'm not like a rock star.

I think there are some
challenges

as a woman that you don't have
as a man.

I've noticed for example

that since she's been dating
David that...

especially I've had the chance
to see them together,

so it's nice I mean look...

she has to go through those
things,

that's what life is all about.

But clearly, when you get...

how do I put it...

emotional but in a soft way,

I think it takes a bit some of
your edge off

from what you're doing, career
wise.

I don't sound like a
professional yet.

You don't?

No. I still sound like a
teenager.

So then, why would they want to
book you?

I don't know, based on what?

Okay well, if you feel you're
not ready yet,

so why are you here?

I don't know, you tell me.

I tell you?!

Don't clap.

Shut up!

Tell me what your strategy is
right now...

Strategy? In terms of what?

Keeping her prepared.

Basically I just want to keep
her as calm as possible.

I think I'm getting sick.

This is Marika Bournaki

I'm supposed to be playing in
the hall this morning?

Okay thank you.

We got some good feedback.

They want to establish a good
relationship,

trust, and plan ahead

because it's not going to be a
short...

Invest, invest in the future.

And they were giving an example
of an artist

that they've taken on,

I think it was in 2002,

and that is just starting now
to really emerge.

So as an example of how they'd
like to invest

for the longer term and take
things...

not necessarily at a slow pace

but take time to build a
career.

So are you proud of Marika?

Sorry?

Proud.

Oh of course I'm proud,

I'm always proud of her.

She did good today.

I haven't been in Montreal for
summer

like five years or something.

But I'll be going in and out of
the city but...

it's okay.

It feels okay. My room is a
mess right now.

I have clothes everywhere and
my mom's stuff everywhere

because she's moving out soon...

I don't know, it doesn't really

feel like my room because I
haven't been in here

for so long but... it's okay.

Well my parents officially got
divorced

in April officially,

but they've been talking about
it since September.

And it was actually really funny

because just like two nights ago

we actually talked about it

and nobody has talked about it

and it's like, anytime I come
home,

you know my mom kind of blamed
me a little about...

"since you've been gone

everything's been different"

you know stuff like that.

Why are you using this edition?

Because I lost my other music.

Until I was like 14,

in my head I was never going to
get married,

I was never going to have kids

I was going to be like the
coolest person ever.

But then that changed!

You know I was so impatient,

that's one thing I learned from
David,

I became I think much more
patient,

my teacher said it really,

tamed... calm me down.

Really grounded me.

And it's true.

I feel like it should be easier

that we do the same thing

because we have the same
responsibilities

towards our craft.

For me music is the greatest

and I get the chance to share
it with other people

and it doesn't matter if it's
Carnegie Hall

or if it's for two...

Sounds just like me!

...people, you know, some old
people

or some people that don't
understand

as long as I manage to give
them the maximum

I can then even if one person
from the audience

comes to me says you know I
actually felt something...

that's what I care.

And if that brings me to some
place

better to a higher level

that means that it's the way
it's supposed to be.

I am going to YCA office,

which I hope won't be a problem
because it's Saturday.

I'm just going to drop off my
CDs.

YCA, Young Concert Artist,

organizes auditions every year

for the people that they name
as winners

they really help to make it to
the next step

of getting major management in
their careers.

This is so creepy you can see
inside.

It can be very important if you
win,

you know you have winners of
these auditions

that became very successful
artists.

The jury will ask you which
piece

you would like to perform first

then they will request other
works.

The audition all together is
about fifteen minutes.

So, my point is that...

coming back to Bach, is that
you know...

You shouldn't. You shouldn't.

Are you kidding me?

I'm not kidding you at all.

I'm not kidding at all.

Actually, I think it's a huge
mistake

to play Bach to start with.

Why?

I'll tell you why.

Because, you know, this is a
fifteen minute audition.

You need to make a statement.

You need to impress the jury.

And what would you like me to
make an impression with?

Well I think, in my mind,

you would start with probably a
Rachmaninoff Sonata.

Are you fucking insane?

Do you understand?

You have fifteen minutes

to make yourself feel comfortable
and establish yourself.

It's your choice. In the end,

you're the one who decides.

But I'm telling you,

these people will be auditioning
like a hundred people.

I'm not a robot you know

and I think that that's what's
the hardest part you know,

it's kind of you have to put it
on automatic

sometimes without it being
automatic,

you know the whole practicing
thing

and the whole giving up
everything,

you know life gets in my way
that's what happens to me.

I mean I've been preparing for
YCA for...

very seriously for like a month
in a half.

So you want to do this...

I might mess up or...

Any more disclaimers?

No I think that's it.

I might mess up also a lot...
but okay.

Veda she gave me a lesson and I
tell her

well this is coming up in a
week in a half

so and then she freaks out.

This is the problem.

Off camera please.

How can you, why do you do
this...

so then she tested me.

She asked for the things that
were the weakest.

My confidence went all out and
again

I was in this vulnerable
position,

which she always puts me in.

When did you play... you
performed this?

Yeah... I played... a lot of
things went wrong?

Yeah...

She proved to me in any way
that I'm not 100% ready.

And like my dad was
disagreeing...

what are you talking about?!

It's not just a business.

It's not just about making
money.

It's about more than that.

And once I'm more than that,

that's when it's going to
happen.

So I'm still mad at him.

And he's like yeah but it's
your fault...

It's not my fault, it is my
fault

maybe that I wasn't good enough

maybe it's my fault that I
wasn't prepared

but it's not my fault that he
decided

to set up this thing against,

even maybe his better judgment

or against my teachers
judgment.

Sometimes I call him because I
discover

a beautiful thing and I'm
talking to him about it

and he wants to get over to

how was practice how was this,
how was that.

You know of course it's because
he cares

and he wants me to be able to
make a career

because he knows how hard it is

and because he lived and didn't
make it

but it's like at some point

you just kind of have to rise
above all

that and you know understand

that it's not about that.

What were you trying to tell
him about?

I was telling him about a song,

a Schumann song,

I was talking to him about
Frauenliebe und leben,

it's a song cycle by Schumann

and I listened to it and I
cried in class

because it was so beautiful

and so sad and I called him to
tell him about that

and he was talking to me about
YCA you know,

and it's like I don't care
about YCA,

I don't care.

I don't even know why I'm
crying.

But it's true, I don't care.

And it's always about you know,

career and concerts and how people
think I sound and you know,

managers and you know,

but it's not about that.

It's so not about that.

I know all you are doing is
helping me.

I'm just upset at myself
because apparently...

because I've been working hard

but apparently not hard enough.

Or maybe I'm not just good
enough.

So I'm angry at myself.

C'est tout. So I'm sorry,

I feel like a failure yet
again.

What happens is that this
becomes

very very close to this.

Just playing it slightly off
rather than in the middle.

Marika?

Don't worry we have plenty of
time.

What class is this?

My goal now is to make
classical music more accessible.

That is something I can do
because of who I am,

because of my personality,

experimenting with the lighting
and the set design,

projections on stage while I'm
playing,

making concerts more
interactive with the public,

with other artists on stage,

playing in centers, playing for
causes,

it's all part of creating and
bringing music

and sharing music with
different people

all around the world and
whether it's

again in big classical venues

or if it's in different places

in doesn't matter.

It's really bringing and
sharing things

together through music.

She was as always expected,
amazing.

The brightest and the best.

I think Marika is one of those
people.

I love music.

Maybe I don't always love
practicing,

maybe I don't always love
myself,

but I always love music.

I'm serving something higher,

it's my religion,

I really do believe it's the

most beautiful thing in the
world.

The final scene of the movie.