ï»¿1
Boy you had me from the start,

by the way you stay, the way
you wrote it for me, naked

and I felt your

energy

wasn't used to being loved and
treated differently, YEAH

but something went wrong.

our signals got crossed

Now we're on completely
differnt pages

Let's go where we were

When no one gets hurt

Baby keep it right there don't

stress, the

flow,

trying to pick the pace up.

We should take it slow,

baby.

Keep your focus.

Don't you make me change

my mind

if you love me, baby, don't you
switch up the vibe!

Baby don't you

Baby don't you

Baby don't you

Switch up the vibe!

You have the right. To remain
silent.

Okay daddy!

Yes daddy!

Yes daddy!

I had fun tonight.

Best time of my life baby

Yeah,

me too.

Same time tomorrow.

You know it!

You back for a round.

Two, baby.

Yeah, you thought I was!

Jacob!

You ready for a round 2!

Huh!

JACOB, NO!

huh

Jacob!

What the fuck is wrong with you?

With a fucking cop!

Are you serious?

Jacob

Huh!

Stop, stop!

Are you fucking crazy!

No

Listen, listen, listen

Nah I got something for that!

It's not what you--

Jacob, don't hurt me please!

I love you!

No,

I love you!

Fuck that!

you don't love me.

I love you Jacob

Fuck you.

Don't

Don't sit in my face and lie to
me.

See, I was really gonna fucking
kill your ass.

Jacob don't hurt me!

Nah,

I ain't gonna do that.

No I don't worry about it

but now

I'm Gonna Make You Suffer

like you made me suffer

I ran up a check of my do it
again.

Enemies close had me thinking
their a friend.

Ten toes down.

I'll be free until the end,
crip outside the city.

I don't feel safe in my hands,
took so many years.

I've been waiting for the wins,
I'm in debt to knowing but the

one who took my sins, I do it
for real and some reason to

pretend if I do it once, I do
it again.

add it up

bank rolls,

Euros,

Pesos,

add it up,

I'm just doing me, everything
is on me are you mad or what!

Add it up, bank rolls, euros,
pesos!

Add it up

I'm just doing me, everything
is on me are you mad or what!

Let's get it on the game, come
on put your money up!

What you trying to bet man?

I got 500 on the table, what's
up what's up!

Man, you talking about 5 try 7
man

All bets in All bets in1

Fuck it let's go!

All bets in, All bets in man!

I know this nigga didn't pull
that bullshit. I knew he was

going to pull that!

ah man

Come on man I got one man hand
then I gotta go man, I gotta go

serve these drinks!

Everything in?

Yeah everything in

Yeah, ya'll can go ahead and
play this hand I'mma have to

catch the next one

Ah hell nawl!

Real quick, real quick!

Ya'll hold it down, real quick!

A Mel come take over man!

As long as your money in you
good!

What's the game, what's the
game?

We playing tonk

Tunk for a hundred down

That's a little money right
there, what ya'll playing gold

fish, can I play?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, you good.

Nah you straight you know how
we do?

Just

wait,

let me drive you crazy.

My cutter baby.

Let's get stupid lazy!

My cuddy baby!

Don't stop. This is my
favorite part.

Shit!

Damn girl

Come here!

How man I help you man?

Aye playboy you need something?

Oh yeah

Umm, I thought someone else
would be bartending

Yeah it usually is but I'm
taking over tonight

I got it man, I'm the best in
the world man, top notch baby!

The man that was charged

With the disappearance and
possible murder

Of his girlfriend Christine
Scott

He's now officially off the hook

As the case has been dismissed
due to

Get this

Lack

of evidence

We have more on the story later
tonight.

Back to your regular
programming!

Yeah, you straight bruh!

Hey Beautiful.

What

time is it?

Shit, I don't know

How did you let me over sleep
like that

Daniel is going to kill me!

You sleep is so good.

Looks so peaceful.

I couldn't wake you up.

Come on baby.

Can I join you in the shower.

Oh look who

the snake dragged in man

like is amazing man!

What's good big bro!

What's happening, what's
happening!

I'm glad you could make it out

man I know you be haning hard

with them thots!

ah man, come on man

You know I don't do the thots

Yeah, well shit you left me
hanging last night!

my bad man,

look I told you I just lost

track of time man,

that's it

Yeah I get it

you ain't got no watch on

you got a watch right there

tell you what time it is man

I need to put this on Ice, Man.

put the cases in there we got a
big night tonight man

word so you're just gonna put
me to work like that!

Oh yeah, for sure

you know how you do man!

You really putting me to work
ain't you!

yeah, yeah a lil work ain't
gon' hurt you!

About getting this paper

But you not trying to handle
that first?

Nah that ain't important

Let's focus on this man!

You understand!

What's up

ah come on man

where was you at last night?

I had to pull double last night.

A double huh?

yeah

Steph called out,

last night and-

we were short staffed

So, I had to pull her shift.

You know how it is at the
hospital!

Yeah, I know how it is when
you're lying!

Wait what?

yeah I called your job

I spoke to Stephanie

She said you been left,

Hours ago!

You called my job

Yeah

I can't believe you!

So what's the truth?

Where were you

lastnight?

Come on man.

Nobody trying to hear that shit

You wasn't at work you're lying!

Anyway, if he was and that did
happen while you just come home.

What you lying for?

who you fucking?

shit?

Aye man what's up

with you, are you alright?

Don't be tryna hurt that big
ass head

I'm good man

I know you ain't talking

with that big ass dome you got!

I'm good don't worry about me!

Me and Stewart

We went to the bar

After work,

after the bar, we went to the
club

the music was sl loud

I couldn't hear you calling my
phone

So why you ain't text me or
something?

Because-

I had one too many drinks

and-

I didn't want to drive all the
way home.

did you want me to drive home
drunk?

I'll make it up to you!

Why I gotta do all that

to make you tell the truth

later

See you tonight.

Nasty!

Ya'll nasty!

Yo you really buggin right now?

How you let him trip you up
like that?

What, I'm sorry

Look I didn't know he was going
to do that

and plus,

it was your stupid idea anyway!

You know how Daniel is!

You should've kept it going

you know he would've gave up
eventually

I won't let it happen again!

Imma see you after work tonight
right?

I can't

I gotta make it up to Daniel
remember!

and you know he's gonna be

watching me like a hawk!

You need to figure something
out, alright

I really want to see you!

I'll try

You better not have sex with
him alright!

We'll see

Don't play with me

save that for me

Hey, What's happening?

You made it home I see.

Yeah

right on time too

I like this.

what you cooking?

it's a surprise

I like surprises?

You smelling all good,

looking all good

What you got underneath this.

Cut it out.

Why should I?

Because Daniel I'm trying to
cook

Well you're done with that

come here let me talk to you!

Daniel, Daniel-

Cut it out. I'm trying to cook.

Look, I'm just a little tired
from last night, okay?

You wouldn't be tired if you
wasn't hanging out.

Not fair.

Not fair

I mean, what's up?

I've been trying to get what
you for two months now with no

sex.

Something wrong with me.

No, baby.

It's nothing wrong with you.

I'm just a little tired from
last night.

That's all

I'll make it up to you

any other way.

Other way.

Yes, baby.

Anything

you want

You know what I wan

anything but that

I'm sorry baby.

I'm just a little tired

after I finish cooking on, make
it up to you.

You right about that.

I'm sorry baby.

I'm just a little tired.

What do you want?

I said, all right, don't keep
rushing me.

I still haven't figured out
what I'm going to say to Daniel.

Didn't I say.

Okay.

Listen.

I'm coming, just wait.

Today will be the day that you
change my life.

Make me the happiest man.

Listen I-

I already know.

You going out, so go ahead

Yeah.

How did you know?

I can hear.

I heard you on the phone.

You heard me?

Yeah.

I heard you talking on the
phone, go head do what you

gotta do.

Look

me and my girls, we're just
going to go

get a few drinks, the girls
from work, it's nothing major.

And I'm gonna be back before,
you know it,

I'm just saying, you say, you
have no energy earlier, you

were tired,

you don't want to have sex,
none of that.

You was gonna lay down.

All of a sudden you get a spark
of energy

and you ready to hang out.

I aint trying to tell you what
to do.

I don't like how you move

but it's cool.

Do what you got to do,

you mean

that

yeah.

I mean that

go head do what you gotta do

bye

well look

I'll be home.

I'll be home by the time you
get back.

Okay.

And I'll make it up to you.

I'll be at the club late.

I got alot to do man, I won't
be home to about after three

anyway.

I told you

I'll make it up to you

And I'll be back home before
you get back.

Okay.

Yeah,

I aint gonna wait for it.

bye

Hi I'm Jacob Miller of I See
You private investigation.

Do you have a spouse or
significant other that you

suspect is cheating?

But you just don't have the
evidence to prove it.

Do you need help locating a
missing person?

Do you need help looking into a
private business matter?

If you're in need of any of
those things that I mentioned,

I can help.

I can get you the results.

You need for the evidence,
you're looking for discreetly

in no time,

call me today so we can discuss
the matter at hand to 252

215-6597, Again, that's
252-215-6597

Yeah.

slow night tonight

Yeah I see

It's all good.

off and on

It be like that

Yeah,

you good I'll take over from
here

You sure

yeah yeah I'm good

Alright then bro, guess I'll
see you tomorrow then

yeah, yeah

Yo game was off today.

When I say off, I mean that
shit was awful

I think Rachel's stepping out
on me, man?

what?

What makes you even say that.

She ain't come home last night.

I mean

You know,

maybe she just got drunk and
stayed over at a friend's house.

Nah,

I ain't buying that shit.

When I catch the nigga, she went

Imma Kill.

that motherfucker man .

I mean, I hear you, all I'm
saying is..

I don't think you should just,
you know

jump to comclusion without
knowing something for sure

nah

I got it-

I Feel it in my gut.

Plus who she getting it from

she ain't getting it from me?

I know it man

Imma find him.

Believe that.

So you said she's not getting
it from you.

So what you saying there's no
sex.

Nah we're not having no sex men.

it's been two months

Damn

2 months

I don't even know how you still
function.

me neither!

you ever think about stepping
out on her.

nah man,

not Rachel, that's my queen.

I'll do anything for that girl.

I hear you but

You gotta look out for you.

Rachel not looking out for your
needs.

If I was you I would be-

in some pu-pu

Right now,

you know what I'm saying.

nah man

you must get all that crazy
shit from your father's side.

momma wouldn't raised you like
that,

plus I keep telling you man
black.

Men do not cheat

nigga

what

man

black men do cheat

shit.

I use to cheat

ain't nothing wrong with a
little bit of cheating

you gotta take care of your
needs

big bro

I'm telling you, don't put all
your eggs in one basket.

You feel me

Be like me,

I'm nothing like you.

I'm just saying man ?

So um, you tryna run it back?

Oh nah, I got to leave and meet
my mans real quick!

In the next twenty minutes,
Imma holler at you though

alright

guess who

Yo, what the hell are you doing
here?

what?

Yo D just literallty left.

like ten seconds ago

what if he doubles back and
sees you

I'll just tell him that I was
here looking for him

yo, you bugging right now

no

you're the one that's bugging

why you so paranoid all of a
sudden?

Listen

we have to chill alright

D is on to us

when I say us.

I mean, you

what?

what did he say?

man D said that he thinks
you're stepping out on him

what that's crazy

I tried to convince him.

Otherwise but he's so fixated on

your cheating, on him and
figuring out who

you're cheating with.

Just really gonna have to chill
for a little bit.

until things die down with bro.

look

you let me handle Daniel

Lets just focus on us

I'm serious.

Can't risk it right now

alright.

So

I'm gonna have to take a lil
break

as much as I hate to say this

you're gonna have to have sex
with D

Have sex

with d.

But just yesterday you was
telling me.

Don't have sex with him .

Listen I know what I said
alright

and now I'm telling you to have
sex with him,

I don't want you to but

You're Going to have to.

So you want me to start giving
D all of this instead of you.

What about you?

I know you're gonna miss it

okay look,

seriously

cut it out ok

until things die down alittle
bit

alright

But in the mean time

What do you say we uh-

get one in for the road

I thought you'd never ask

How about-

When I get off work

You can meet me at our favorite
spot!

I'm on break

right now and I got to go

back to work

but I'll meet you in a few,
alright

Don't you be late.

you know me

Mr.

Miller

Please

Call me Jacob

you're Daniel right?

Yeah,

Okay,

Well

I apologize for having to meet
me at here man.

My office is a bit of
instruction at the moment

Oh it's all good it ain't no
bigge

Well,

what brings you here?

How can I be of service?

Well I feel like my
girlfriend's cheating on me.

Why do you assume she's
cheating?

shit, she ain't coming home

and when she do come home

she come on super late nights

and I feel like it's the little
thing she lying about

Anything else

that's about it.

I know exactly how you feel.

I've been in your shoes before

used

hurt

betrayed.

Vengeful.

Am I right?

Yeah

you accurate

you sure.

You want to go through with this

I'm positive

I need to know if she's
cheating or not

and with who

Where's Rachel?

Now

she at the hospital.

Working her shift

probably got about three more
hours.

before she get off?

Okay,

I can start following her right
now.

What kind of car does she drive?

It's a 2010.

Black Honda.

Okay.

One more thing.

What did she look like?

All right, that's all I need to
know.

I get right back with you soon
as I got some results.

All right, cool.

I got you

got your ass

You are dirty.

Wait to Daniel sees this shit.

I think I'm gonna end

Things with Daniel.

What?

Why?

To be with you, why else.

nah

you can't do that

You do that

that'll crush my brother

I can't bare to see him hurt
like that.

so what

what we're doing now isn't
hurting him?

listen I just don't want him to
find out alright

atleast not right now

So what I'm supposed to just
keep sneaking behind his back,

I don't want him anymore.

I want you

I always have and you know that

listen I know that

but you cant just

break up with him

and then

we be together

how would that look?

We do that, he's gonna know
that it's been me this whole time

he's gonna put two and two
together.

and I just can't be on my
brothers bad side alright

So what, wait how I feel
doesn't matter in this.

listen

we've been down this road

but-

but

we're not, we're not going down
this road again okay.

fine

listen

Just give him what he wants
alright

so we can go back to doing me
and you

so you want me to have sex with
him and you

you want me to be screwing you
and fucking him at the same time

great

great

I mean I don't understand the
problem

I mean

you should be use to it by now

you know what

fuck you Tyler.

You already did that!

Crazy bitch.

Rachel.

I told you I'd make it up to
you!

aye boy!

Whoa.

you know better than to roll up
in here like that man

damn, my bad.

I forgot

you'd better remember

What you been up to though man

you been having your lil
rendezvous

ya lil thots you be fucking with

nah man

solo dolo.

Yeah, I'll believe that when I
see it.

I'm serious, man.

My

lady friend.

She was a little preoccupied, so

justed stay the night in

had a couple drinks called it a
night,

like i said

believe it when i see it my
friend

you stupid man

you on the other hand

besides

shooting niggas, you look all
bright, and happy and shit.

how was your night?

Ahh it was good, man?

A beautiful beginning came to
an end, you know, I mean, my

friend?

what you talking about?

you know, I was talking about
that stuff we talked about, you

know,

I mean I don't

follow.

Come on man,

what I tell you about Rachel man

2 months

come on man

that shit over with

we was doing the do

we did it everywhere man,
kitchen

cabinet,

ah hell man

we was getting it in boy

it's about damn time and please
spare me the

details.

I don't need the visuals

alright cool but

yeah, we was talking about
something we need to work on

with me.

and her

Differences.

availability,

time

we be spending so

I was going to hire a
investigator

you know what I'm saying.

to get to the bottom of this

I knew she was cheating on me

first of all, I'm glad I had
that talk.

Secondly, nigga what a private
investigator?

Yeah, yeah.

But relaxed man I called him off

Case Closed

won't even doing that, you know.

That's good, you wild boy

but I'm about to go in this
kitchen

straighten up, because if I
recall correctly, it's a little

messed up from the other night
still.

So

yo ass aint never here

ah man there you go

one time and you'll never let
me live it

down.

Who is it man?

Oh, mr.

Miller

I thought I told you to call me
Jacob

yeah, yeah

Jacob

okay, okay

Did your assistant tell you I
called?

Yes.

she told me.

You called and wanted to cancel
the investigation?

Yeah yeah yeah well you know
sorry for any inconvenience or

anything I might have caused.

I'll pay whatever much just had
to

talk to my girl and we figured
things out man.

You know it made a difference

with each other so we,

you know,

no need to to go no further
with that

Okay.

So you want to cancel the

investigation?

Yeah,

yeah.

why is that?

Well man we talked about some
differences that we thought

could be a little better with
ourselves, you know,

some kind of convening with

that

so we won't need your service
is no longer.

Well

yesterday,

I waited outside for her to the
hospital

and

I don't know how to tell you
this but

aye yo D!

Yeah.

What's up bro?

Oh my bad man

I didn't know you had company

ah yeah one more minute man

imma get at you

alright cool

my bad man, my little brother
Tyler man

Sorry about that

but you was saying what

Hey man.

You alright?

Jacob.

Jacob.

Jacob.

What's up bro?

You straight.

Yeah I'm good man I

lost my train of

thought

alright

so the

bathroom.

Yeah

Bathroom

Jacob Jacob Jacob

fuck fuck

damn it Christine

fuck.

fuck

You got this Jacob

You're in control

you're in control

A man

you straight.

You good?

yeah yeah

I'm good.

Im good

alright man

aye man.

Like I was saying before, man,
about the case and all that.

I'll pay you man

oh nawl nawl nawl

i ain't tripping on all that
bruh

nah nah nah

don't even, don't even worry
about it

It's cool.

atleast come to the game, you
know, I'll be having a card

game please.

Come to the card game man

hang out with me.

At least you know what I'm
saying

okay

yeah man

I'll shoot you a text man,

later on, come by the address

come hang out man

Yeah, we could do that.

I'm cool with that.

alright cool cool cool

yeah man that'll be good if you
come by the game

you know what I'm saying?

alright

I appreciate that

long day bro

alright now

bae can you get that for me

sure

you have more company

wussup wussup

aye what's happening man,

right on time, right on time

that's my brother Tyler

Tyler this is Jacob

nice to meet you

likewise

So what are we playing?

Spades.

Im good cool, cool

You know,

you look real familiar

I seen you before.

No,

I don't think so.

I'm a private investigator may
be seen my commercials on TV.

Nah.

I don't watch TV like that so

that can't be it.

I don't know.

I don't think we met

my memory.

Pretty good.

And

I remember faces.

everything alright?

yeah I'm straight

alright lets play, lets play

lets play

you smoking bruh

you red hot bruh

what you doing?

looking for a drink

oh yeah

yo ya'll two get a room man

why get a room when you got the
whole house man

I seconds that

what you waiting on

1-800 thot line?

come on I done told you time
after time

I don't do the thots

yeah right

might as well answer it

is that the same one that hit
you all the time?

yeah

driving you crazy

seems like someone really wants
your attention

well

she'll be alright

she can wait

damn, she blowing yo shit up

you know what

about to turn it off, no more
dinging

I'm all in this-

This game

let's get it, let's go

win something then

you guys get to have all the fun

while i sit in the back bored

come on bae stop playing

you know you can play

nah I don't know how to play
cards bae

Why don't we play something

a little more exciting,

any suggestions?

shit I'm down

Shit

don't look at me

I don't know what

I got-I think I know a game

Really,

what's it called?

Never have I ever

never have I what?

never have I ever.

simple

You want an example- never have
I ever lied?

And we all know we lied.

So everybody take a shot

person with the less amounts of
shots taken

Wins the game.

that sounds good, okay

lets play that

I'm gamed

you good

yeah

lets get to it

Since this was your idea.

It's only right, that you go

first.

Okay,

let's go.

Never.

Have I ever stole from the
store.

Really bae

What,

I was a kid.

I didn't know any better

Alright so never have I ever

kissed the same

sex.

what?

don't look at me

It was

College,

everybody experiments in
college.

or atleast that's what I thought

All right.

my turn

Never have I ever

cheated on a girlfriend.

Guess that's my que!

Aw man

You want to be the thot king of
the world, the way you cheat on

women

man

it's

it's
not enough shots in the world

not enough shots in the world

to cover all the girls I
cheated on.

listen, it's on me now

never, ever have I got arrested?

ooh and he snapped back on you
cuz'

every man has his past

Never have I ever cheated on my
significant other with someone

that they knew.

Never have I ever lost a game
of basketball to my brother.

really

you thought you can walk out of
here sober?

take your shot Daniel!

shit

Yeah,

I was trying to get out.

All right.

All right.

Never have.

I ever

been so obsessed with a girl

to the point where I would do
anything to keep her?

Shit

ya'll know that ain't me.

Never have I ever

been skinny-dipping.

Never Have I Ever Had a
one-night

stand.

Never have I

ever

been in love with someone that
didn't love me back.

Never

ever

did I tell someone I love them
and didn't mean it .

Never have I ever

been accused

or suspected of kidnapping?

My girlfriend

dude!

Nah

it's cool.

it's cool

All is fair.

in love and war

right.

Never have I ever went behind
somebody back that I care about

or claim to care about.

and had a secret affair with
their partner.

What are you talking about man?

it's just a question

Your a real character, you know

what?

It's just a game.

Would you like me to reword it
for you?

Okay, never.

Have I ever slept with-

How is Christine doing?

I haven't talked to her in a
while.

I wonder how she's doing.

In fact,

maybe I will give her a call

aye bruh, aye

man hold on

nah

nah

it's cool.

It's cool.

Your brother.

He just competitive and he
doesn't like to lose,

And for your information,

I haven't heard anything from
Christine

and if you don't believe me,
you can ask deputy Benson

My slate is clean.

Shall we continue?

Yeah,

I don't want to play anymore

I don't like where this is
heading

yeah, yeah.

That's a wrap for me.

bro!

yeah

Jacob

I said Jacob.

I'll holla at you

a man

Sorry about that man

it's all good man

Thanks for coming out.

I appreciate you for inviting
me man

I'll get up out of here

What's all that shit about in
there?

you got something to get off
your

chest.

what are you talking about?

The game,

the stuff you was talking about
in there.

What I had admitted to that was
a long time ago babe

that was before you.

yeah, you sure about that.

Yes, babe I promise.

It's all in the past, Come to
bed

I only have eyes for you now.

yeah

well shit lets go

round 2

Damn.

You thought that shit you
pulled at the house was real

mother fucking funny, huh?

Huh.

Listen to me.

Don't you

ever try to pull shit like that.

Trying to come between me and
my brother.

Got it

I will end you.

alright man

I will mother fucking end you

I got it

I got it

oh yeah,

Tell Christine

I'm still waiting on her

bitch.

whoa, you got some cash!

you got a little cash in you!

i ain't trying to do all that
you doing

show me where the money at

this the money right here!

don't get caught up in that

easy bucket

Yo wussup big bro

you got started without me.

we waited on you man

what happened to your face?

it's nothing,

some low life just decided he
was gonna come behind me and

jump me

no biggie though

don't even hurt.

You got to be careful out here

niggas be acting crazy

I see that?

mind if I join?

I thought I told you to stay
away from my brother!

what, just like you can't stay
away from Rachel?

fuck you talking about?

you know exactly what I'm
talking about!

no I don't

I ain't got shit going on with
Rachel!

what you think Daniel is going
to say when he finds out about

this?

it aint shit to find out

besides who you think he's
gonna believe me, or you?

He gone believe these pictures
when I show them to him

Pictures?

You know what?

I got to go to work anyway.

Yo, yo

when did ya'll become such good
friends?

What you talking about man,
what you jealous?

jealous.

Jealous of that nigga!

hell nawl!

but I just remember I got some
personal shit I gotta take care

of

personal matter?

yeah, it's personal.

So you can't tell me about your
personal matter?

Is this personally, I gotta I
gotta take a test alright.

I'll see you later.

alright

Lets get it

I got

talk to you man.

what you talking about?

it's about your brother.

What about him?

come here, let me holla at you

get your ass against the wall

spread'em

Oh man.

Okay.

alright!

shut the fuck up!

fuck you searching me for man?

fuck you searching me for I
ain't got shit!

shut the-

shut the fuck up

oh okay, police brutality,
alright

Shut up.

police brutality ok, police
brutality

shut the fuck up!

hello?

yo where you been yo, I been
calling you all day

what, I was in the store and I
left my phone in the car.

Look

it's the dude.

Jacob, man.

He's on to us.

Said he got pictures,

what are we going to do?

shit I don't know, I'm trying
to think

stop moving!

shut the fuck up!

fuck you

Shut the fuck

up.

Maybe

maybe if we pay him and he'll
just give us the pictures

instead of showing Daniel

I don't know

That doesn't work.

I'm gonna have to take him out.

It's no other way.

As in... Kill.

Nah

that's

that's too far.

Let's just leave

you and me

and

get far away from him and
Daniel.

Listen, I'll have it if that's
the only way

It's not the only way

if you kill him and go to jail
for Life.

How are you going to be a
father to your son?

What are you talking about
father?

I don't have any kids.

Not yet!

Hold on

are you serious right now

are you trying to tell me that
you're pregnant?

yeah,

I am,

We're having a baby!

wow

are you sure it's mine and not
my brothers?

I've only been having sex with
you for the past 5 months!

I'm sure it's yours.

Wow.

Okay.

Okay.

Listen.

You gonna move in with me
alright!

I want you to go to the house.

get all of your stuff.

Are you serious?

as a heart attack

Are you coming with me?

What if Daniel's home?

listen

He's still playing basketball
alright

I'll head there to make sure
that he's still there

I'll text you

once I've gotten there okay.

get all of your things out the
house

because once you leave we're
not coming back

okay

okay then

I'll See you soon.

-bullshit

You know what?

Get the fuck out of here.

I'd better not see you around
here again.

Fuck you

Daniel

What are you doing here?

I shouldn't be here

I live here

I just thought you was-

you were at work

I've decided to take the day
off.

Imma be Right here.

Are you okay?

Yeah.

Why would you ask that?

because you're day drinking

and you don't usually do that.

Don't even worry about all that.

Sit down.

Now.

Rachel-

Do you remember the first time
we said, I love you.

we said it so many times,

I just

can't remember when the first
time was

well, if you actually meant to
say it,

you would remember it

And if you was telling a lie
and I mean, you just wanted to

forget it.

See when I said it,

I meant it.

Because even at that time, I
remember every day,

the place, the moment,

the park

it was raining that day.

and even for a Split Second,

I know you had on heels.

I had to carry you to the
shelter.

To the point where no cars were
there

about a mile off.

And after I did all that.

I knew, I have to tell you.

I said it right to you.

I love you.

Do you remember that?

Of course not you don't
remember that

you don't remember anything
about me.

Don't-Do that Daniel

It's not like that.

I may not remember every time
but

I love you from the bottom of
my heart

you know that

you mean that?

Do you really love me from the
bottom of your heart?

Yes.

What's in the envelope?

Do you really mean it?

When you say you love me.

What's in this envelope?

Doesn't even matter.

I could put it all behind me.

Rachel,

will you marry me?

I don't know what to say.

I just

can't right now.

You can

You just don't want to marry me.

I can stop everything

and make this work

but when will you marry me?

I don't know.

When you gone tell me what's
going on?

How long has what been going on?

Don't fucking play me.

Like I'm stupid.

You know what the fuck I'm
talking about?

You were fucking him.

You're drunk and confused put
the bottom down maybe you've

had enough

fucking tell me when I have
enough.

Had enough of you

fucking playing me.

Like I'm stupid.

It was right in my fucking face

all this time.

You were doing this shit.

You been fucking my brother!

Never ever,

will I fuck Daniel's brother

you fucking understand that
shit.

This shit

fuck.

Fuck Im talkin-

fucking understand this shit

you don't fuck my brother!

I never screwed your brother.

So you think I'm crazy

now?

I can explain

you can't explain shit.

I don't want to hear nothing

fucking my brother.

I can explain

you ain't gotta Explain shit.

You caught, you was fucking my
brother.

I'm sorry Daniel

I can just get my things

and go

who the fuck said you can leave

sit yo ass back down!

Daniel please don't do this.

You don't want to do this
Daniel.

Look who just walked in name.

knight in shining armor!

bro!

What the fu-

Daniel no!

what the fuck are you doing?

Bro!

listen, listen

You don't want to do this.

Put the gun

down.

nah bruh

you shut the fuck up.

and you sit down

I can't do that

I can't do that bro

Just-

Calm down.

Put the gun down.

alright

oh you give a fuck now

oh you care now!

all this time talking to you,

you really care.

You little bruh now, huh.

Huh, you little bruh,

how bad is you little bruh?

Bro,

put the gu-

put the gun down okay

you sit the fuck down!

I can't do that.

put the gun down.

alright

you don't want to do this.

put the gun down

no no no no

bro

we can work through this,
alright

This is a big misunderstanding.

bro

It's not like that.

You got it all wrong.

Oh yeah

I got it all wrong while you
was fucking my girl

while I was telling you
everything about it

what you mean?

yeah

look at the fucking pictures

shit

bro

bro listen

it was a accident bro i swear

so you was accidently fucking
her

over and over

and over again

bro

just stop ok

yo

D man

Shut the fuck up and sit down
right there

Calm down.

alright

shut the fuck up.

yeah

look how good you look

for your man

huh aint that your man

how Sexy you is in lingerie.

you like looking good for him
dont you

you ain't look good for me not
at all huh

baby

Shut the fuck up.

Bro

bro,

shut the fuck up.

you was my mother fucking
brother

and it broke my mother fucking
heart.

All the shit.

I used to do for you.

Ask yourself that

So, I don't know how I could
ever...

you need to live in hell, the
both of y'all.

What did I do to deserve this?

bro

You need to make a decision.

Just keep it true.

If you choose me,

we'll put all this shit behind
us

Rachel-

if you choose him-

I'll let ya'll walk out of here!

Ya'll can be gone forever.

Rachel, you don't have to
answer this

who you gonna choose

I choose him

Daniel

I love him

Rachel

that's who I want to be with

no

Rachel.

come here, give me a hug

Rachel no-

you're really gonna let us go

Shut the fuck up.

Damn,

damn man

I guess it is

true.

Every dog has his day,

go figure

You know, it's kind of
Bittersweet for

me.

I always thought I was gonna be
the one to kill

your ass.

smile!

Hey beautiful

wakey, wakey!

Jacob

Jacob let me-

let me ask you something

and I need you to be honest
with me.

Do you still love him?

I mean honestly, do you still-

love that man?

No.

I only love you.

nah nah

that's right

how can you love a dead man

Jacob what did you do.

I didn't do anything.

I mean

his brother on the other hand

he did it for me

Jacob what did you do!

I didn't do anything

His brother on the other hand

now that's a different story.

I didn't have to get my hands
dirty.

You still love him don't you

i said no-

that's bullshit

that's bullshit!

I only love you

Jacob I swear-

Don't touch me!

I'm trying to teach you,

I tried to show you

and it still wasn't enough.

I really had hopes and dreams
in it.

You know that

But if you can't learn to love

me and I'll be damned

if you love someone else.

I do love you Jacob

Nah

