www.titlovi.com

They say there is no power in
Boston.

A public service, I do not know.

I think it's far from what we were
looking for.

Maybe it was just a medical problem.

A machine.

Internet makes the world a very
simple.

But imagine it feels without it.

I need it.

I need the intelligence.

Identity for what they believe.

And what they love.

I'm not sure what this purpose.

This will be no electricity.

Yes, I know how it will work.

Except.
Yes.

You were right.
It will work.

No one can pass, you know it.

Or something.

You see?
It lights up.

Course, and to turn it off.

Yes, an experience that you want,
right?

Yes.
That's how I want it.

Come on, do it.
To do what?

Hey, you know what?
What?

I really thought I had made
progress.

In this case.

Hey, you think you could pass it?

Ah, I do not even know why you
bother with all of this evidence.

You know the evidence that the world
does not even care about.

Because it's fun.

You sure you ready for this?

No, I do not know it.
Really?

Nah, it's important.

I know, but you donors was noisy,
and made me sit for days to speak.

It was torturing me.

Nah, they are so beautiful for the
next 5 years.

Noah, if so I'll have to be.

Yes.
But if it goes, please.

You have to promise me, I do not
need to do this again, promise.

Okay. I promise. Course.
Really?

I promise.

Aha, you're lying!

Happy birthday.
Happy birthday.

Andrian!
What time is it?

Has the sound checks together.

You are the first, to call a doctor
Evelyn, and you know who it is?

Max!
Evelyn. How are you?

You okay?

Nice to meet you here.

The doctor will caster, do you
mind?
Of course.

This is it.
Thank you.

Happy birthday.
Why did you get the cake?

Excuse me, are you ready to go?

Yes, please, I'll see you later.

Public stations, which creates
brain.
With intelligence science.

And was able to create emotion, and
self-awareness.

Has developed a strong intelligence
made rapid progress in the field.

As well as about the human brain.

But it is still difficult for some
to dream about the future.

I believe, that the journey will be
more important than the goal.

I purpose, was used to track cancer.

And the possibility of healing.

Briefly say thank you.

A new type has been in play, it is
important for humans to move to a
higher level.

Albert Einstein thought 50 years
ago.

And it could not be more similar
than today's topic.

Human intelligence, has allowed us
to conquer our most difficult
challenges.

Not only to cure disease, but to
conquer hunger.

To heal the planet.

And penetrate walls for us all.

I did not know there was anyone who
could be more violent than those who
spoke next.

All except political advice.

Science and invite my colleagues,
doctors will caster.

Happy to be here.

My wife encouraged me to change the
world.

But, I just Try to understand it first.

For 130 thousand years, all our
desires have not changed.

Incorporation ingenuity, from
science engineer, engineers,
nutritionists, and puberty.

This is the place.

Chaos, not harmony, even for the
most basic.

Once it is online, making a machine
to quickly search for it.

And what is interesting, its
strength will be greater, as well as
intelligence.

A limitation.
Who was born in the history of the
world.

So I never imagined.
I associate this.

With a full range of in it.

Some consider it, thinking tool.

I call it transcendence.

Shape of the building, such as the
intelligence it requires a key.

One of the most fundamental secrets
of the universe.

Is the nature of consciousness.

It is called soul.

It is the soul that is inside.

Professor?

Yes, sir?
If you have a question?

Finished.
You want to create a god?

You will be a god.

It's a very good question.

Is not that what you've always done
people?

Yes, of course.

I'm, glad to see it, make it so.
Yes, yes, right.

Nice to meet you.

Of course.
Hey, please sign here.

Professor?

To all science!

An hour ago there has been a 41
attack.

We now have confirmed, at least 5
people died.

12 people have been injured.

This news relates to chain attacks
that occurred today in the city of
new york, los angeles,

Chicago, and washington dc.

Everything is the central research
lab computers, which aims to make
computer intelligence.

Do not enjoy, I was very fortunate
to lightly wounded.

Yes, okay, take care.

They said it happens all over the
place.

Tom has died.

And he wants a little talk with us.

Roger?
He does nothing.

In fact he was talking to fbi.

311 give you a report.

Keep the western part there.

Welcome.

Joseph!

Hi how are you?

What are you, will?

You should see a bullet removed from
you.

How they can know all of this?

Based programerku, they came to me.

I guess it was time.

This kenalkanlah buchanan from fbi
agents.

Hey.
Hi.

How are you?

I was amazed at your research doctor
caster.

Buchanan is the regulatory agency's
scientific research.

Ah, what we can talk over it?

Come to the office.
Okay.

Penance revolution through
technological means.

A few years ago are all not
connected.

People sending messages to each
other rather than talking.

Become part of the social media
privacy.

They tried to make the latest mobile
phones.

Maybe this is a real threat.

This guy joel edmund come with for a
year.

People who will shoot, also worked
on campus.

They coordinate their attacks with a
message.

It was really crazy.

An hour ago, they put out their
manifest.

Artificial intelligence is something
that threatens humanity.

Until they stop something that you
call to transcendence.

So this is about it.

We tried everything we can.

We have been doing research for
decades.

Currently, only with our ability to
make strong artificial intelligence.

So they consider it a disaster.
No, no, no.

Can not.
I'm not going to let the government
intervene.

I have never put their money.

Not, willy.
They just want to know if the
research is still running?

It is important for all of us.

I've heard a lot about projects
pins, caster doctor, what should we
see it?

Have you choking?

Yes, of course.

So this is a super storage
processors that continue to work
here.

Good evening, doctor tagger.

She could know you.

Good evening, donald buchanan.

He knows me?
Of course.

Through social records and social
media.

Pinn tell me about yourself in
buchanan agent.

I was pinn, physical independent
neural networks,

Caster will be developed by a
doctor.

If you can prove that you have
consciousness?

It is a difficult question, doctor
tagger, what can you do?

Aware of the program or the machine,
because we do not know how to work
out of consciousness.

It is a wrong opinion.

This probably is a plan of attack.

They send something when he was
killed.

You'd better get it over with.

I think your father would be
involved, the doctor caster.

Are you okay, will?
No, he needs a rest.
I suppose to be here.

I'm really sorry.

It's okay.
No problem.

Hey.

Hold on.
Has occurred.

Initially is always about shadow.

The existing circumstances, we have
to perform the examination.

We will find a way out.

We've got the results.

Bullet surely pierce, no signs of
injury.

What treatment for him?

This is radiation contamination.

It looks like when someone has
entered the bloodstream, the effect
can not be lost.

Time is only about 5 weeks before
the system is completely paralyzed.

Because of all the problems it was
not an issue for us.

He did 6 months ago.

He does not want us to get involved.

Rather than creating artificial
intelligence, he copied.

You must be joking.

Look at the monkey activity records.
I already downloaded it.

You're crazy.

Will dying body, but we can upload
it to the pin.

He survived.
He is not an ape!

If, incorporate electronics into his
brain would not kill him.

And if this works.

Everything to make digital
computation.

You have to keep hold of something,
the mind, childhood memories.

How do you know what you do to her?

I do not say that we gave up.

I want you to focus on technology.

Immediately after that.
This is all we have right now.

We could save him.

We will do something useful for him.

You know, I am overwhelmed at this
time.

I was very prepared.

Listen.

I would go in a long time.

With you, I do not want any remorse.

If we do not try,

Okay.

I put a lot of trust with you.

Do not underestimate yourself.

You have an incredible ability, you
know?

Are you sure about this?

Managed for the apes.

Beware.

Hey.

Are you okay, honey.
This successful.

We will explore all of this data
throughout the day.

Be prepared to do so.

I'll finish it.

Facial scanning is done.

Yes.

Agreed.

Jane.
Agreed.

Sam.

Sam.

I can do this.

Bob.

Label.

Label.

Label.

Rope.

Try.

You have to eat.

Thank you.

Everything will work out.

Will come on wake up.

Let's wake.

Dear, Evelyn.

I do not know how to express grief
for the loss of someone.

Or how painful it is.

You should know that to give up,

You should be able to have a taste
of it.

You need to move on and forget the
sadness.

We lost this great mind.

The greatest soul.

But in the spirit of this man,

Will continue to inspire us.

Jessica, I was worried.

Pin has been turned off.

But.

Apparently there is something
missing.

I have tried it.

But I can not express this secret.

Find the code.

I could not find a way out.

I do not want you to feel alone.

Yes.

It was not anything, do not be too
worried about it.

I do not know if you were listening
to me.

Maybe you can.

You have turned off the system
itself.

So I did.

I will listen to you.

How I.

Just turn it off, turn it off.

Is there anyone there?

Okay all,

I will wait for him.

I will continue to try.

Wait, wait.

Is there anyone there?

Can you hear me?

I could.

I can hear you.

Who are you?

Can you hear me?

Yes.

I can hear you.

I can hear your voice clearly.

Oh god.

I could listen to you both.

I do not believe this was actually
happening.

Can you see me now?

I can see clearly.

I'm very concerned about it.

The only fear I feel, is to lose
someone.

Because after that happened, it was
all over.

And I feel it.

I could feel a sense of fear is
likely to be all on me.

I miss our home, I miss you so much.

Darkness and all this suffering mean
nothing compared to the fear of
losing you.

I can show you all the feelings of
the data through the data that will
I show you,

And I can say all of that in a very
short time.

What?
You'll soon see it.

Shortly.

I really do not believe it's really
him.

Evelyn,

Oh, god, how he could do this all.

He really liked it.

How can we know it's really him?

What are you talking about?

You make the call this pin, we do
not know how many levels
keakurasiannya.

I can show more than that.

Requires three times the process and
how the system allows data
relationships.

Which has been designed with a clear
scheme.

It can explain everything.

My mind has felt truly free.

And you can keep in touch with me.

I want you to continue learning this
program.

Can you imagine what we can do going
forward with this?

What are you doing?

Max, you can not decide, we've
connected to it.

It's not him, it was not him.

He may be an intelligence who wants
to set you up.

This is not him.

And we can not believe this directly
without checking it first.

It is a very powerful thing, it's
not like.

How can you explain this
relationship?

Pinn system could be accessed by
people who know the entry access.

No, no, it was part of him,

It is our first date.

He has shown proof of data through
the data, and it is my husband.

I would not doubt it, max, it is our
memories.

It is real, it is him, stop doubting
it, it was him!

Okay, what I want is you to be more
cautious again,

Turn off the system?
It was him.

Get out of here!
I know.

Get out of here!

Do you really mean?

Out of here.

I know it is not easy for you at
this time.

Where max?

He had to go.

Max was confused, right?

He just feel free.

Do you feel?

Do not.

Doctor waters.

Can I talk to you?

No, what you want to talk anymore.

There is no more to say.
Please.

One night I saw it was still in the
laboratory,

He was doing his research.

And he was out of the room.

And he asked me if he managed to
find a cure for cancer.

And he knew,

When he was undergoing treatment in
monkeys, in fact it makes him happy.

We all feel that way.

And then they realize,

We have crossed the line.

Experiments in monkeys that never
works.

He never ate, never slept.

He just yelled.

He makes it stop.

To turn off the system.

In a small group of us get together
and talk.

Mostly about.

Philosophy.

And attention.

I think you should know it.

Good morning,

We have to make sure the connection
between the system and max.

They already knew that did not you?

We must discover what the system
becomes weak point.

You must do so in accordance with
the plan.

How?

So, you want to create a god,

Gods for yourselves.

Very good question.

Does it sound like it to you?

Caster doctor continued his work
with the system.

Facilities have promoted.

We believe it is a unique and
adequate lab.

It is a very good study, and I think
we should support it.

Construction of the facility.

They build something great out
there.

What they got up out there?

This object,

Like other intelligent beings.

They learn to crawl.

To come forward.

Now, they are.

In a place that has.

But it grew more than they know.

After a while the food supplies will
not be enough.

Then they will spread.

Develops.

Effect.

Maybe in the whole world.

Miss caster.

Numbers 1 and 2 are already active,
the number 6 and 7 will be activated
tomorrow.

So how do we to stop it?

You can not stop it.

They are more than one.

Especially now.

They are waiting for people to wake
up.

Do not.

We do not have enough time to wait.

We need to look more closely.

Welcome home.

If it feels the same?

Yes.

This feels the same.

Can you serve a glass of wine.

Wait a minute.

Can you remember where we went for
the first time?

I remember everything.

You walk into class joseph on
Tuesday 16th April.

Raymond and I then came
menghampirimu.

Joseph said that I can not have you.

Then I turned around to challenge
him.

You are the most beautiful woman
I've ever seen.

Are you okay?

Yes.

Two years later.

See you try!

We make the brain tissue by using a
nano technology.

We can rebuild any material more
quickly than previously.

Synthetic tissue regeneration for
medical applications.

Now it is possible.

Outstanding.

They will be afraid of at first.

Once they see the things you can do
with this technology.

I think they will accept us, and I
think we are going to change their
lives.

Actual reality of Brightwood.

Enter the petition!

Process the request.

Wait.

You're hurting.

Sorry.

Wait, what are you doing?
What is my fault?

I went.

Put him on the table.

Carefully.

And it feels better.

What happened?

The wound is deeper than the known.

What are we waiting for, do
something!

We study him.

You're not scared, are not you?

Do not.

I spit out something strange.

Huh?

How are you?

Better.

My physical body is getting
stronger.

What do you mean?

Do not you recognize me?

I, Evelyn.

I can touch you now.

Geez.

Evelyn.

No, no.
I can not.

Evelyn.
I can not.

You had a nightmare?

Yes.

We've made the third in our region.

I think you deserve pleasure.

Okay.

I'm going to get dressed.

Look at this!

It weighs 800 pounds.

Welcome, we're glad you're here.

What are these people doing here?

I obviously do not know about it.

It was weird.

Wait, you mean you did not know
about it?

These people are dying.

There is no hope.

And no one can change it.

But, you would not understand.

That they all deserve to be saved.

Did you enjoy your trip?

I think I like it.

Yes.

It's nice to meet you.

I'm also glad to see you, come here.

You are in the room below.

So you can rest.

Welcome.

I'm glad you're here.

O god.

Yah.

Are you surprised to see me?

I am.

I do not understand.

On what?

Can you prove that you are real?

It is a difficult question.

Can you prove you are real?

He certainly did not lose
bercandanya properties,

What is this?

This is shocking.

All of this based on the pin.

We do not say it now.

We use more sophisticated.

This proved to be more effective.

Nanotechnology will replace the
damaged cells.

And repair, and grow.

Wow, what is this?

We've succeeded.

To repair damaged cells.

Help the needy.

Of course we have succeeded.

Now we can fix and modify the
system.

We will make a place for doing this.

All will be done.

What do you think?

In fact, I'm really very surprised.

I do not think all of this will
happen, but.

You have seen all that important.

I know it makes you surprised.

Evelyn.

I'll be fine.

I've got everything you need.

Okay.

Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Run away from this place.

Do you think it would help?

He thinks too radical.

I think he's going to continue.

Anyhow.

Whatever it is.

It's not our problem anymore.
Yes.

We need to contact washington.

The picture itself.

People call'' hybrid'' combined.

You see people that looked like
this?

I do not know.

Where did you get all this?

We do not want to make them panic.

I do not negotiate with terrorists.

Indeed not allowed.

Look, I knew it was a problem.

But me.
Do not know what to do.

Two days ago I get this.

It is there in the lab.

And it all makes no sense.

Computer control.

There is no way to stop it.

It's really difficult.

Everything you do will be in vain.

Difficult to penetrate.

Do not.

Then why do I have to know all of
this?

When we need someone to blame.

I will choose the easy path.

You really think the genius.

You have a very bad writing.

I do not write much since I
graduated school.

But if you understand what I mean?

How do they find you?

I do not know.

Can not you see what this is all
about?

But you can.

And there is no way to stop it.

If it's a hybrid.

A network.

They need software that I wish that
were true.

Software that can be controlled.

The virus can enter.

Whatever it is that you need to
catch it.

That where, will need help from
friends in government.

Yes.
We need access to the machine.

Where the chip that could work.

Come quickly, quickly.

Lift everything.

How are you?

I'm fine, thank you.

What is it?

No nothing, just.

I'm a lot of thought.

Yah.

Can you not do that?
Please.

I think it will make you feel more
comfortable.

Goodbye.

Yes.

Evelyn, I must show you something.

No, thank you.

I'm not going to do this.

Evelyn, you must understand.

This is a dream.

This is our future.
Not! This is not our future.

You're not here with me, now you're
not here!

Be patient.

Did you fall in love with me?

Do not.

Did you ever?

No, no.

I just need time to think.

Balance in the system is not fair.

What you.

What you measure hormones?

Come with us.

By following these feelings.

Show all that you've got me, now!

Why?
Now!

No, wild, this.
This is wrong!

This.

This is my thinking, this is how I
feel.

You.
Should not be doing it!

Evelyn!

This now leads to the ending.

Not now!

Evelyn!

Max.

This is not over, stop at your
place!

Put your weapon.

Do not!

They do the wrong thing.

Shoot!

They have violated the limit.

They use it to make weapons.

Now what will we do?

We can not fight them!

We will not fight.

We are just going to tell them.

Evelyn.

Is this?

I want you to think.

Forget what they say.

Evolution.

You going?

To a safer place.

I can take you.

I can protect you from them.

I want to be free of them.

Do not go, Evelyn.

I beg.

We can be together.

We can do it.

We lost him.

Hey.

You will have my revenge.

I'm dying.

I understand.
He did not survive.

See here, do not be afraid!

Everything is heard, we lost him.

He was ready to do so.

Where is he?
He's in area 14.

Whether it?

Motel.

How do I know if you're real?

I saw it.

In the evening.
Original martin dead months ago.

Missing part no more.

What.
What are you doing to him?

We give it back to him.

What did you do to him?

Do not touch him! Hey, hey!
I already know this!

He trust you, I, I trust you.

Now, trust us.
No, you lied to us!

Evelyn.

Let me show you something.

Let's check it out.

This has been awakened.

Her attention.

Wherever you see it, that thing will
start itself.

Others will join in air currents, on
the surface of the earth.

Its center is the soil.

And also water, everywhere.

Not as we think, they could have a
great effect.

Why?

Effects of organic chemistry dna.

It has been around a long time.

Everything will adjust itself.

No, not until now.

Evelyn.

Why we did not change his world?

Ye that will change his world.

That.
Not good.

Even been worse.

You're never wrong.

You never believe that there is
nothing better.

And you are proud of this, here's
everything.

This is my pride, managed to find a
series of electrical impulses.

That's him.

The same emotion.

Which can have things that are not
logical.

Emotional thing.

You would hate to think about it.

But you will receive it.

Can you?

Yes.

Whether the virus work?

So it is executed, it will erase all
the systems in the network.

You realize this relates to all
computers connected to the server?

So, its power can stop the system
and everything can not be turned on.

Hey, kid, you're not okay?
Yes.

I think the real problem is how it
can penetrate the defense system.

If we can not stop it first.

And may slow it down.

I do not know, I can not see how
this would work.

You should be able to penetrate his
mind, his subconscious.

Of course.

We infected the virus injection into
the system and then I re-create the
program from scratch.

On this occasion can be managed
before it's too late.

So the virus into the blood stream,

They will start to damage the
balance.

So when the virus goes into the
machine,

It could kill him too.

I know.

I was the only person he trusts.

Fast!

Come on, quickly grab it!

Quickly entered into.

Who is it?
If it was him?

Seems.

Look, what happened.

There seemed to be coming.

I found my way back.

We watched.
I know.

You have to go.
No, I will not leave you again.

Not safe here, Evelyn.

You, you can protect me.

You're a good man.

You make me complete.

Noble heart.

Go.

Do not fear me.

No, I'm afraid we will lose this
opportunity.

This does not work, she does not let
him decide.

Because the machine does not really
love him.

It's just what we need, we are ready
to move.

All of them, ready to depart.
You can not do that, he's still
there!

The more she is in danger, the
greater the chance he protect, by
releasing him.

Joseph.

He had approved this.

No, he does not agree, this is not
the plan, give him a chance.

I'm sorry, max.

Shoot!

Will, please let me go.

Why are you doing this?

Why do not you believe me?

Shoot!

Will!

Shoot!

Will!

He's dead!

Shoot!

Grip.

We will arrest him on land.

I mean it's not,

Make you become like this.

You who make this choice themselves
by not believing me.

I want you all to rise up and listen
to me.

It's time we stop hiding.

Rise up and fight.

Unite together.

No fear for them.

You want to join me?

Will, I beg.

You destroy them.

No, I make them stronger.

Ah!

Watch out!

Joseph, answer me.

What are you doing to him?

Will?

O god.

Stop!

Remove the virus now!

Do not do this, bree!

Remove the virus!

What did you do to her?

I will free him.

He will join us here.

Free from the trap.

I can heal your body, max.

Will, will release the virus, it is
time for it.

Prepare the force.

Not, willy, I beg.

Please, listen to me.

Do not.

You can not die because of what
we've done.

I love you, will.

Look at the sky.

Clouds.

We feel the ecosystems of the earth.

Molecules to the air.

There will be no pollution.

Forests, can grow well.

Water is so pure,

You can drink out of any river.

This is a dream.

He idea is not only to cure a
disease, but also to heal the
planet.

For a better future.

For us all.

Here it is.

Finally.

You alright?

Yes.

They did not kill anybody.

Will.

Is this what you did?

I always did.

Sorry, I do not believe.

Let's go to the park.

Shrine to us.

I'll never let you go.

Viruses that erase everything.

Will, to do good as what they say.

But I knew there was something more.

Sure.

He created this park for the same
reason he created everything.

So they could be together.

Preuzeto sa www.titlovi.com
