ï»¿1
[WIND CHIMES]

[MUSIC PLAYING]

[HOWLING WIND]



[TERK-ER-TERK-ER-TERK-ER]

[SIMPLE ENGINE CHUGGING]


[SIMPLE ENGINE CHUGGING]

[THICK LIQUID SPLATTING]

Dad, please don't make me do
this.

Tyler it's for your own good.

I checked out this program.

Miss Lambert's helped a lot of
kids.

I think you can help you too.

OK?

Tyler!


I'm doing this because I want
you to get better.

[ENGINE REVVING]

[BACKGROUND NOISE]

CHILD (VOICEOVER): Help!

[BACKGROUND NOISE]

CHILD (VOICEOVER): Help!

[BACKGROUND NOISE]

Help, Dad.

Daddy, where are you?

[EXHALES SHARPLY]

Help, Dad.

Help!

Where are you?

Please help me!

We're going to play a game,
homes!

Here's the deal, you sing a
gimme, you live.

You brick, you don't.

See, they call me Panic, because
I never do.

How about you?

You're not going to kill me.

Maybe I won't.

Or maybe I'll just have my dog
rip your leg off.

Grr!


Shoot the ball, man!

I ain't got all day!

I'm a busy man!

Shoot the ball!


Again.

I made it. - Yeah.

Well, I wasn't looking.


Lucky shot!

Again!

It's your turn.

Oh, so you make the rules now,
huh?

[BACKGROUND NOISE]

Yeah, I do.

Game's over.

[BACKGROUND NOISE]

Hi.

Hi.

You must be Tyler Burns.

Yeah. - I'm Holly Lambert.

I'm Director of the Wilderness
Project.

Glad you could make it.

Thank my dad.

I'm sure you're going to have
some fun.

Hi Tyler. I'm Charles Danson.

Hi. - Nice to meet you.

Nice to meet you too.

And this is my daughter
Melissa.

She's going to be helping us
out.

Hi. Tyler.

Hi.

Thanks.

Adults.

Don't believe a word they say.

You're going to hate this trip
more than I will.

CHARLES DANSON: Melissa, I need
your help

Hey four eyes, we haven't
finished yet!

Hey!

You interested in communing with
the wilderness?

[DOG BARKING]

Darrel Lumley, you still trying
be

the toughest kid on the block?

The only way to survive in this
jungle.

Yeah.

Well, I'm sure glad you could
join us.

Figured it would be good for a
few laughs.

That right, homes?

Never.

[SCREECHING TIRES]

See that shit!

Stops at a dime!

Dee, how much this thing cost?

Uh, Daddy said the IRS paid for
it.

Since it was so cheap, I asked
her old man to buy me one too.

Only if you drive to Mexico, he
says, and stay there!

Do I look Mexican to you?

Yeah.

Hang these for me, would you,
hon?

And don't wrinkle them.

Oh my god.

Ha, ha ha.

Sucker.

Join the club, hon!


OK.

Let's go do battle.

Yeah.

--more than your Romeo, babe.

[BOILING BUBBLES]



Ah, top notch!


Aw, rats!

Son of a bitch!

[CHUCKA-CHUCKA-CHUCKA]


Enjoying the trip back?

Eh.

I'm not walking.

Guys, can I have some help
please?

You're gong to do what?


Shit!

Brute's got measle bumps!

I don't think dogs can get
measles.

Yeah, but who died and made you
Dr. Welby?

Let me see it.

Oh.

Yeah, it's a tick, vampires of
the insect world.

Oh, that sucker's nasty!

You got a match or something?

Yeah, hold on.

My grandfather told me this.

They're too tough to squash.

[FLAME IGNITED]

Oh!


Uh!

Damn!

Is someone burning something
over there?

Sorry, Hol.

Little man Tyler over here was
going to smoke,

but I told him it would be rude,
stunt his growth.

Uh-huh.



I like that van.


Here we go.

Last chance for surprise, guys.

Rome, would you buy me some
more gum?

Hey, what am I?

A bank, dude?

Are you getting out, or what?


Ah, jackpot.

What's that?

See that cholo's guns?

So he's trying to buff up for
his honey, right?

Steroids!

What are you going to do?

Share the wealth, man.

You're a thief too?

Oh, party hats!

Now I know where Chuck's head is
at.

Did you ever kill anybody?

What kind of question is that?

Pretty direct one.

All right.

I've killed about as many dudes
as you've boned chicks.

You make the call.

Whew!

That many?

Wow.


That kid's all right.

OLD MAN: [INAUDIBLE] you going
to block everybody.

Move it down a way, so people
can get in here.

Hi there, cutie.

Mm.

What brings you to our neck of
the woods?

Huh?


Jerry, manners.

Yes, sir.



Oh, yeah.

[WH-TCH]

MAN (OVER HAM RADIO):


BBC REPORTER (OVER HAM RADIO):
This is The BBC World Service.

It is now 1900 hours, Greenwich
Mean Time.

Today in our series on the
world's hidden economy,

we travel across the pond to
sunny California

where former hippies,
businessmen, and Vietnam

veterans have created a high
yield, high tech industry

protected by a formidable--

[AUDIO OUT]


Yeah, but we don't get health
care.

BBC REPORTER (OVER HAM RADIO):
--marijuana.

Recently, rising demand and
competition

have led this clandestine
enterprise

to the latest techniques in
scientific horticulture.

Narcotics authorities have
uncovered

an intricate infrastructure of
dams, irrigation, and chemical

enhancements constructed to
maximize an already

freewheeling industry.

What the the long term economic
environmental effects

will yield, no one can say.

Yeah, yield about 9% in a jumbo
CD.

BBC REPORTER (OVER HAM RADIO):

starting September first.

now, it's time for the music.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

[HAMSTER SQUEAKING]

Oh!

Dude, you're all messed up.


[DISTANT RATTLING]

Son of a bitch!


Ah!




HOLLY LAMBERT: All right, we're
here.


This is it!

This place looks worse than the
projects.

DEE DEE DAVENPORT: Definitely
not cable ready.

HOLLY LAMBERT: Wait till you
check out the toilette,

princess.

DARREL LUMLEY: We actually got
to sleep in this dump?

Give me a dark alleyway over
this place any time.

I mean, this place ain't right,
man.

It's too quiet.

It's too God damned quiet.

HOLLY LAMBERT: Come get your
bags, guys.

Boys and girls in separate
cabins, Rome.

What am I?

The valet?

What the hell you got in here,
Dee Dee?

[GROAN OF CONTENTMENT]

Hey!

Man, this place reminds me of
boy's

republic back in juvenile hall.

What?


Hey!

Send me some closet space, man!


Mm, lovely.

Bet that's dinner.


Not anymore.

Bag that shit, man!

I can't put my clothes in here!

It's all yours, homes.



[MUSIC PLAYING]

CHARLES DANSON (VOICEOVER): 718
93.

We have just arrived at the
campsite.

My partner Holly had to make
this trip several times prior,

is the only person in our group
possessing

any real outdoor survivalist
skills.

The rest of us bring only our
every man for himself

instinct fostered by urban
living.

Bah!

CHARLES DANSON (VOICEOVER): As I
expected,

the subject's first reaction was
one of disassociation.

There's Rome and Dee Dee,
basically converting

this new environment into their
own,

and both returning to what is no
doubt habitual behavior.


CHARLES DANSON (VOICEOVER): And
then

there's Panic, a perfect model
of aggressive dysfunction.

He cannot accept this radical
change, so instead assaults it.

And poor Kelly, a prisoner of
her own troubled mind.

In the end, I fear this group
will not

successfully bond, despite their
common antagonist,

in this case, nature.


You must think I hate
everything, huh?

No actually.

I think you must like coming up
with your dad, huh?

No, I hate it.

I hate this place!

I mean, everybody says coming
out to nature

is supposed to be a poetic
inspiring experience, right?

What's so inspiring about bugs
and insects

and snakes and creatures of the
night making all that racket?

It's suffocating and it's vile.

And it's full of rot.

Can we-- can we go back now?

What's wrong with you?

Why are you sweating?

Um, sometimes I get the feeling
like,

something really bad is going to
happen.

Like what?

I don't know.

Wait!

Don't move.

Nice try.

There's something on your back.

Slow.

What is it?

Come on, Tyler!

What is it?

I have no idea.

Get it off, Tyler!

It's stuck.

You're hurting me! Stop it!

I'm sorry! I'm trying to get it
off!

Ow!

Ow!

God, get it off now!


Get it off now, Tyler!

I can't get it off!

Get it off of me now, Tyler!
It's hurting me!


Ow!


What the hell was that?

I don't know.

I want to go back to Arizona.

Hey yo, Chuck!

These burgers ain't half bad.

Gee, thanks, Darrel.

I think they like you.


Better cook [INAUDIBLE].

Charles!

Charles!

You would not believe it.

What happened to you two?

Well, Melissa got attacked by
some big bug or something.

Can we go home?

Well, we are out in the
wilderness, you know?

No, I know.

But this wasn't your average
wilderness bug, OK?

It was kind of--

No wait, this thing was like,
glued to my back or something.

It was just gross. It was all
slimy.

It was like a-- like a--

Like a big snot! - Oh, come
on!

You're making me ill!


Just don't touch it if you
don't know what it is.

Don't touch it?

It attacked me.

Oh, come on, guys.

Bugs don't attack unless they're
aggravated.

Great.

Classic story, the adults not
believing the kids.

Thanks. - See?

I should have brought a piece,
man.

This place ain't safe.

I think you guys are
overreacting.

I suggest you observe from a
distance.

You'd be surprised how much you
can learn.

Yeah, right.

We learned this whole trip was a
stupid idea.

Melissa, please!

You don't hear the other kids
whining.

Ooh.

Well look, if it isn't the
happy campers.

Keeping yourselves out of
trouble, I hope.

I apologize for the loud music.

Oh, don't mention it.

We were young once.

Charles Danson.

Oh, you can call me sir.

This is my associate, Jerry.

Would like a burger?

Yeah, don't mind if I do.

Mm.

Oh, thank you, but not yet.

We just stopped by to offer a
friendly word of advice.

Well, since they closed down the
logging mill,

some of the locals have taken to
well,

illicit means of getting by.

What does that mean?

Beware the cash croppers.

Cash croppers?

Dope growers.

What-- what kind of dope?


Mary-wanna.

Here?

Now I'm not trying to scare you
folks

or ruin your vacation, but,
well, these people

are the devil's own.

I don't want to see anyone else
get hurt.

This is our problem.

Let us deal with it.

Well, I don't think you have
anything to worry about.

We have plenty to occupy us here
at the camp, don't we, guys?

Well, I guess we better be
going.

Thanks for stopping by.

It's our pleasure.

Au revoir.

These all your kids?


Knew I should have brought a
piece, man.


Jesus Christ!


God dammit!


Sounds like home. Without the
choppers.

Hopefully it was one of those
cash croppers getting shot.

[HARD EXHALE]

God!

You didn't believe that stupid
shit did you?

God!

You're so naive!

I'd rather be naive than a
spoiled bitch like you.


The natives are restless.


Hey Romeo, what's the word?

Super unleaded, fresh from the
vat, ol boy.

Hit it. Hey!

That's way too much gas!

Let there be light.

[FIRE IGNITES]

Jesus Christ!

What the hell are they doing out
there?

Wait Charles! I'll go!

Woo!

Aw!

Burn baby, burn!

Yeah!

Yeah!

Busted!

What the hell's going on?

Jesus Christ!

Are you guys crazy?

This area is a fire hazard!

That's what the signs meant on
the way up here!

Are you trying to start a forest
fire?

Now come on guys!

You can't be that stupid!

Whoa!

What were you looking at me for,
man?

Don't call me stupid!

Chill out, Chuck!

Nobody ever taught us how to
make a campfire.

I mean, what do you want from
us?

OK. All right.

It's no big deal.

Maybe I'll show you how to start
a campfire tomorrow night.

All right?

Right now, I'm just a little
busy inside.

Busy?

Busy what?

Screwing Holly?

Damn.

I heard that.

She's got guts!

I'll give her that!

[RUNNING FOOTSTEPS]

[DOG YELPS]


[DOG YELPS]


You see my dog?

Yah!

What the hell's wrong with you?

Are you sick?

Yeah, I'm just--

I'm just I'm working something
out.

I see you, old man.

I've given you shit and you've
taken it!

What you got here in the woods
man, it like you scared.

You know, you always tripping on
your own shadow.

Um, sometimes when I'm alone, I
just get dizzy.

See?

Nah, man!

You gotta be like my dog, man!

You've got be able to run all
hell into it, man!

Don't be scared of nothing!

You gonna be all right.

[DOG YELPING]


[DOG GROWLING]

[BLOOD CURDLING SCREECH]

Yo, Bru.

See, you man.

Let's get some help, man!

Go get some help, man!

Hurry up!

[KNOCKING ON DOOR]

Charles!

Oh, Jesus.

What now?

There's something wrong with
Panic's dog!

Jesus.


[DOG GROWLING]

Brutus?

Brutus?

It sounded like his dog was
screaming,

and then he just took off!

And I don't know--

What happened?

Brutus, he just--

he was scratching and then he
wouldn't move.

I said Brutus, but he didn't
know who I was.

He didn't know who I was!

I said Brutus!

And he wouldn't move!


Brutus!

What are you going to do?

Look!

I don't belong here, man!

Shit!

Why Brutus man?

Huh?

I should've never brought my dog
to this fucking nightmare!

Damn!

See?

I figured it'd be me who would
get in a drive-by shooting.

But my dog, my fucking dog would
be OK!

Look, I'm out of here, man!

I've had enough of this bonanza
bullshit!

Come on, you're just a little
crazy now.

Crazy?

You open your mouth till I'm
gone

and I'll show you just how crazy
I can be.

[BACKGROUND NOISE]

MAN (OVER RADIO): [INAUDIBLE].

Switch to tag three.


Morning!

Morning, Sheriff.

Thanks for coming.

Something must have happened.

It seemed rabid, and then it
just died.

What a mess.

Could be rabid, I guess.

Could be just about anything.

Might want to take him down to
Doc Cate's though, just

to make sure.

Hungry, Sheriff?

No, thanks.

Long as I'm here, Jarvis Tanner,
a local fella,

never came home last night.

About yay tall, shaggy brown
hair, going bald.

Haven't seen him.

Well, he'll probably turn up.

Sorry to bother you.

Hey guys, where's Panic?

Could you please go wake him up?

Sure.

Tyler, what's the matter?

He's not there.

He's gone.

Gone?

Back to LA.

What?

Well, he left last night.

He said he was going to try and
hitch a ride or something.

Oh, you've got to be kidding
me!

Tyler! Why don't you say
something?

I mean, you know you guys are my
responsibility.

Oh, this is just great. -
Shit!

Well, like I wanted him to go?

Come on, this is my fault?

What?

Like I didn't try to stop him? -
Tyler!

Tyler, get back here.

It's always somebody else's
fault, isn't it dad?

Tyler!

[FRUSTRATED GRUNT]

It's not your fault, Tyler my
dad's just an asshole.

I told him it was stupid to go.

Hey.

Don't worry about Panic.

Panic will be fine.

If he can survive out in the
city,

he can survive out here, right?

Panic will be fine.

Tyler, I'm going to go look for
Panic.

You want to come?

What?

I'm going to go look for Panic.

You want to join me? - In the
woods?

Yeah.

I've got to take Brutus down to
the vet.

I thought maybe we'd see Panic
somewhere along the road.

Come on, Tyler. I'll go too.

No!

Melissa, I'd rather you stay
here.

Holly's going to need some
support.

Dad, no!

Melissa, please.


[CAR RADIO PLAYING]

I sure hope Panic's all right.

I think Panic can pretty well
take care of himself.

You know, Tyler, I can't help
but notice you seem

pretty uncomfortable up here.

Actually, you seem pretty afraid
most of the time.

I guess I am.

Well, what happened to you?

My dad and I went camping when
I was about eight.

He got drunk and took off.

So I was lost in the woods for a
couple of days.

I just held onto a tree.

It's all I really remember.

But it just keeps getting worse
and worse, you know?

I mean, I couldn't even go to
school sometimes last year.

It's pretty embarrassing to keep
throwing up in the hallway.

So your father thought trial by
fire

might be the cure for you?

Yeah, he's not much into
doctors.

I want to get better, though.

It's just when I'm alone, I get
scared.


Shit!

Don't look too hard for me.

It's certainly not a snakebite.

There seems to be a foreign mass
under the sternum.

A thoracic tumor wouldn't induce
the kind of behavior

you were describing.

Strange, can't seem to find any
plasma.

What does that mean?

That means something drained
your dog of all his blood.

I don't understand.

What-- what could have caused
that?


Hey.


What's going on here?






Where the hell did you people
come from?






Ah!



Hang on!



Hang on!





When in doubt, squish.

I think is like the thing that
attacked me

and Melissa yesterday.


What is it?

mandibles and the pseudo-head,

a wood tick.

Ticks do not get this big.

It's a tick, severely altered,
but a tick all the same.

What happened to it?

The specimen's been covered
with something.

steroid.

Steroid?

It's illegal, but some of the
farmers

up here use it on their
marijuana fields

to accelerate growth.

But that's between us,
understand?

This tick has undergone a
radical modification.

From your description of the
dog's behavior,

this may have even strengthened
the tick's neurotoxin.

An anesthetic?

Precisely.

When a tick bites, it numbs you
so you don't feel it.

In some cases, it can produce a
hallucinatory state.

Your dog may have been
hallucinating like he was

on an LSD trip or something.

What if there are more of these
out there?

What the-- uh!

Ah!



Oh, mother-- uh!

Uh!

Uh!

Oh man!

[SHARP EXHALE] Ah!

Oh my God!

Uh!


Uh!




Oh God!

Hey, Melissa?

Why don't you take everyone down
to the pond and go fishing?

Nobody wants to fish.

Did you ask them?

Kelly, do you want to go
fishing?

That's one.

Hey.

Suck my-- whoops!

Hi Holly.

Hi.

How would you like to go fishing
with Melissa and Kelly?

Man, I'm allergic to fish.

You're not allergic to fish,
Rome.

Ask mi madre.

OK.

Well, you can just as easily
sunbathe by the pond, though,

couldn't you? - What?

Are you trying to get rid of us?

No.

I just think it's time you guys
had some fun together.

Hey, I'm having too much fun
already!


Dee Dee, what about you?

Oh, I got to stay in the shade.

You know that ozone thing.

Right.

What do you say, Melissa?

Take Kelly fishing?

Yes, I'll take Kelly fishing.

Thank you.

I knew this wasn't a trail to
the pond.

Have you ever been fishing
before?

Do you like fish?

I knew we shouldn't have gone
fishing.

Why are we going fishing?

Well, because Holly wants us to
have fun.

Hey, I didn't know you could
talk.

Sometimes I just don't want to
talk.

Well, you had me fooled.

Well, I didn't mean to fool
anybody.

I didn't mean it like that.

After I was raped, I just had
nothing to say.

I'm sorry.

I didn't know.

I don't know what I would've
done if it

hadn't been for Holly, though.

I wasn't been able to talk to my
parents about it,

but Holly, I can talk to her.

She understands.

You should give her a chance.

Oh, I hate this!

Why can't we go back to the
cabin?

Holly would never know!

She'll know, and I don't want
her to think I'm a sleaze.

Gee, thanks.

Not like that.

I promised I wouldn't.

Holly hates lies man, more than
anything.

What are we doing here?

This can't be it.

Who'd fish in a pond like this?

I don't know.

This is where Holly told us to
go.

I guess this is it.

OK.

What if we run into one of
those cash croppers?

I'll kick his redneck ass.

Ha, ha.

I'll kick his redneck ass.

Ha!


Here I come!




Here I come!

Woo!



When we were in town, that rank
guy, the younger

one who came to camp, you should
have

seen the way he looked at me.

Made me feel so weird.



Hey! You got a bite!

You got a bite! Reel it in!

Reel it in!

I'm reeling it in.

Faster!

Faster! he's just going to get
away!

I know what I'm doing!



It's stuck.

It's stuck?

Get the net!

The net!

Come on!

The net!

What now?

Going in the pond!

I'm not going in there.

Go in the pond!

Hurry!

It's going to get away.


Melissa!

Hurry up!


Come on!

The line's going to break!

Gross.

Pull up the line!


[DEEP BUBBLING]

This must be a big one!

[DEEP BUBBLING]



Help me!

OK, come on!


It's a ship.

Shh!


Let's go.

ROME HERNANDEZ: Dee, where'd you
go?

I'm going to leave you out here
with these rednecks!

I will!





Help me!

Please!

I can't see you!

Help me!

Here, take a dive!




I can't see a thing

I'm infested!


Shoot me!

Shoot me!





Oh!


Where the hell am I?



Ah!

[SHOTGUN COCKED]



Well what do we have here?

Looks like a wannabe dinner,
sir.

A young entrepreneur, eh?

What the hell are you talking
about?

California's finest.

Man, I ain't after your goddamn
gun.

I'm trying to get my ass back to
LA!


Must be hell to comb!



No. Not yet!

Yes sir.

Tell me, young man, [GIGGLING]
do you like me?

Say yes, sir.

I'm a faggot.

Yes sir.

You're a faggot!

[HARD KICK]


Let's kill him first.

Sir!

Let's kill him first, sir!

That's not an altogether bad
idea, Jerry.

Ah!


Good one!


Ah!


I'm going to carve you a new
one, boy!


[DISASTER ALARM]

Yee ah!


Oh!


Squeal and die!


Oh god!



I'll fucking kill you!

You're going to skin me?

Fuck you!

Come on!

You fuck!

You country fuck!

[SHOTGUN COCKED] [GUNSHOT]



I'm going to kill that some of
a bitch!

Come on!

Oh!



I shot him!

Where is he?

Come on!

Come on!

He won't last down there!

He's seen too much!

[FIRE CRACKLING]


All the leaves, it's getting
all burned up!

Forget about it!

The leaves!

The leaves!


Everything's going to be fine,
Dee.

Rome's got you now.

Rome's got you now.

You hanging in there, Dee?


I'm infested!

Dee, what?


[MANIACAL LAUGHTER]

It's OK, Dee!

Come here!

It's OK.

It's OK.

Look!

What the hell?


[HORN HONKING]


What happened?


She's talking real crazy shit!

Something is really wrong with
her, man!

She got bit by some bug.

Must be that neurotoxin.

Don't worry, babe.

Everything's going to be all
right.

All right. Let's go get the
others.

Then we can take her into town.

[FIRE CRACKLING]

Charles, where are you?

[PITTER PATTER]



Jesus!

It's OK.

Just give her room!

What happened?

She was bitten by an infected
tick.

What?

Daddy!

What is it, sweetheart?

We think the Sheriff's been
killed.

The girls found a body in the
pond and a bullet hole

through the Sheriff's Jeep.

I want to get the kids out of
here as soon as possible.

All right.

Let's get our stuff packed and
get moving

before it gets any darker.

MELISSA DANSON: I'll get Dee
Dee's things!

KELLY MISHIMOTO: I'll help!

Any sign of Darrel?

No!

Damn, that crazy kid!

You know, contrary to what you
think,

Charles, these are all good
kids.


MELISSA DANSON: Daddy!

There is a huge fire and a
whole bunch of those tick

things headed this way!


Lock the door!

Get away from it!

[FIRE CRACKLING]

Jesus H. Christ!


[BANGING ON DOOR]


Don't let him in!

Open up in there!

We have no [INAUDIBLE]!

[INTERPOSING VOICES]





Oh, Jesus!








Oh!

[NERVOUS LAUGHTER]

You people have just saved our
lives.

And for that, we're eternally
grateful.

But there's bugs everywhere.

The fire has got them agitated.


Get it out of my god damned

Yeah!





We're taking the van into town.

You can ride with us.

You've just read my mind.

Excuse me, Jerry needs some
medical attention.

I'll get the first aid kit.


Uh, what-- what seems to be the
problem over here?

She was bitten by one of those
bugs.

Yeah, they bite like a son of a
bitch.

Great!

Holly!

We gotta get going, Charles.

Yeah, I'm just worried about
how we're

going to get out to the van.

Just send one of the kids.

We're not sending one of the
kids.

Why don't you go, Jerry?

Bring the van around for all of
us?

[NERVOUS LAUGHTER]

Like hell.

Sir.

No, sir.

I ain't going.

[KNOCKING ON DOOR]

DARREL LUMLEY: Holly!

Help!

Help me!


DARREL LUMLEY: Let me in!

Don't answer it!

DARREL LUMLEY: Come on, guys!

[KNOCKING ON DOOR]

I said--

DARREL LUMLEY: Guys!

Open door!


DARREL LUMLEY: Holly!

[KNOCKING ON DOOR] - Hey!

Close the goddamn door!



I'm right here.

He's having a seizure.

Protect his head!

Get off!

Get off!


Don't touch it!

Melissa, get something!


Relax.

What's that? - Those are my
blues!

What's that?

Steroids.

Oh, Jesus Christ!

Oh, Darrel.

Oh, Darrel.

I'm right here.

I'm here.

Here.


No! Don't touch it!

You'll-- watch the head.

Panic, where's your lighter?


[INTERPOSING VOICES]

It will work!


Look out!



I'm right here.



I'm sorry.

Don't worry about a thing.




Darrel?



I appreciate your grief, but
well, we

best be moving on unless we want
those bugs

to get the rest of us.

Bugs don't use guns.

Somebody shot him.

Just like somebody killed the
Sheriff.

What the hell you saying?

It was us? Huh?

Huh?

Nobody's saying anything!

That's right.

No one's saying anything except
me!

You dig?

They know, sir.

They know about our operation.

I say kill him every stinking
one of them!

First, I require the keys to
the van.

The keys to the van, s'il vous
plait.

Don't do it, man!

We'll never get out of here!


No!

Listen up, Romeo!


Leave the kid alone!


Ah!

Charles!


Get the first aid kit!

The first aid kit!


Stop it!



People, please refrain from
further stupidity.

You're wasting my bullets.


You got to feel him, sir.

He's all slippery how you like
them.

Oily, very oily.

Don't you have a wash your hair,
young man?

[AGGRESSIVE SPITTING]


Stop it!


Yes, sir.


If I don't have the keys to the
van in my hand

like, pronto, I'm going to feed
you folks one by one

to our hungry friends outside.


Say yes sir, it's dinner time.


[FIRE CRACKLING]

If they ain't going to
cooperate,

sir, I saw we should have some
real fun with them.


All right!

All right!

Here!

So, all we need now is a
chauffeur.

Yeah, but the kids don't drive.

Sounds like you're
volunteering.

You can't send her, sir, she'll
got straight to the law.

The law is dead, Jerry,
remember?

What about the fire?

They'll be all over this place
like flies?

Well, that's very good thinking
Jerry.

Now go around and get the van.

Not me!

Forget it!

No way!

[SHOTGUN COCKED]

Yes sir.

Ah!




Please sir, don't make me do
this!

Get the van!

[EXTENDED COMMOTION]



Stinking bugs!

Oh shit!

[HORN HONKING]

Come on Jerry, my good boy,
come on.

[SHOTGUN COCKED]

No!

You're dead!

Murderer!

[SHOGUN COCKED]

No!

You're dead!

[SHOTGUN COCKED]

Killer!

No!


[SHOTGUN COCKED]




Get down everybody!



Is everybody OK?

OK.

We're fine.

[SPLINTERING WOOD]

Everybody try and stay calm!


Oh man!

And don't get any fancy ideas!

What the hell do you want from
us?

I want out of this bitch alive!



They're in!


It's an invasion!







Charles, the [INAUDIBLE].

Help me get over there. -
Let's get out of here.

Guys, let's go.


We got to get out!




They want blood?

I'll give them blood!


And that ought to keep them busy
for a while!

out, [INAUDIBLE]??

Be my guest!

You can't get out of here
without us!

Shut up!

We can make it as a group!

You'll never get out of here
alone!

That's a risk I'm willing to
take!

You let go of my daughter, you
son of a bitch!

Ah!


Ah!

Ah!

Somebody help me!

Give me that!


Ah!



Darrel.

My god!

happening?


Everybody, get upstairs!

Move it!

Let's go!

Help me out here!

Close the door!

[INTERPOSING VOICES]

Get in!

Come on!


Charles, Melissa, help me tie
this rope.

How close is the fire?

Too close for comfort, Chuck!



I think we need to get down to
the [INAUDIBLE]!!

That's suicide, man!

I think there's a way!

What is she going to do?

Watch.




Good work, Kelly!

Good idea.

Charles, who do we send, man?

I'm there, man!

No, no.

Stay here with Dee Dee. I'll go.

Are you nuts?

No, man.

Look, my panic disorder is
acting up.

I gotta get out of this room,
OK?

Are you going to be OK, Tyler?

Yeah, we'll all be OK.

Just let me get out of here.

Are you sure you know what
you're doing?

Sure, man.

I mean, if I can manage to swing
out far enough

and then defy the laws of
gravity

and meet the band on the back
swing.


I'll need a torch!


Ah!


[MONSTER SOUNDS]


[FIRE CRACKLING]

Push me up high, Rome!

There you go, man!

Go!




Tyler!





Ty, look out!

Bugs are everywhere!

Tyler, get out of there!

Tyler, get the broom!

Tyler!



The bug is only 20 feet behind
you!

Just make a run for it, kid!


All right! - All right.

Good!



You guys tying that?

Yeah!

Come on, guys!

All right!

Let's get out and be quick about
it!

Let's do it! Move it!

Move it! Move it!

Clear a path!

Move it!


Oh shit!

[MONSTER GROWLING]

All right!

Everybody out now!

[INTERPOSING VOICES]

Come on!



Hurry up!

You got it! You got it!

You're almost there!

Hold on!

[MONSTER GROWLING]

Go!

Go Melissa!

Get to your dad! Hurry!

Hurry!

Son of a bitch!


[MONSTER GROWLING]


God, help me!

Somebody help him!

Listen, [INAUDIBLE] this and
toss to me when I call for it!

Hold on, Rome!

Get it off!

Get off!

[SOUNDS OF FIGHTING TO THE
DEATH]

Shit!




Give me your hand!

Come on!

Hold on!

Hold on tight!

Shit!

Drive, Tyler, Drive!

Go!

Go!


Yeah, sucker!

[FIRE CRACKLING]


Oh, Dad!

[BACKGROUND NOISES]


[MUSIC PLAYING]

