(Eerie music)

(Eerie music)

(Eerie music)

(Heavy breathing)

(Eerie music)

(Eerie music)

(Eerie music)

(Eerie music)

(Eerie music)

No! No! No!

(Nature sounds)


You're gonna love it

there Lana. Matthew really
lucked out on this place.


(Nature sounds)


(Engine turning off)


Hey, you guys made it. We did.
Hi Lana.

(Nature sounds)

Oops. Come on. (Flapping)

Dustin. Get a life. It's just
paper.

Hey Jake. Look at that.

(Engine starting)

Well, here are your new digs.
It's not much, but once you get
it cleaned up

and decorated, it can be
pretty rad.

We'll let you guys settle in.
Let us know if you need
anything?


So, how about some lunch?

Yeah.

That sounds pretty rad. Oh,
come on.

You know that I'm not good at
talking to kids.

Just give it some time. You'll
figure it out.

I have given it some time.

We've been dating almost a year
now and she still acts like she
doesn't know who I am.

Look, Lana hardly talks to
anybody.

She barely talks to me.

Yeah, but if she just opened up
a little bit, she'd realize
that I'm actually a pretty cool
dude.

You can't put Lana on the same
level as everyone else.

She's been through a lot.

(Soft piano music)

(Hard rock music)

(Hard rock music)

(Hard rock music)


Oh shit. Sheriff Thompson. Oh
fuck. Fuck.

Get rid of it! Get rid of it!
No!

I dropped it! Are you fucking
kidding me? Pick it up!

I can't find it. I have to
pull over.

Be cool. Found it.

Get rid of that.

In your fucking jacket? Are you
kidding me?

What do you want me to do? He's
coming. Be cool.

Be cool. (Slam)

Afternoon boys. Hi Officer
Thompson.

Alright, all of you. Out of
the car now.

Now!

ahead.

God dammit. You boys are in an
awful lot of trouble.

You know that? Sheriff. Can I
have a word with you for a
moment?

Don't move.

Get off.


If I catch you little shits
doing this again, I'm going to
haul your asses down to the
station.

You got that?

Move!



Get rid of this shit, will
you?

Busting their asses over this?

(Nature sounds)


I hope you guys are hungry.

It looks really good honey.

Hey, Jake, go get your
brother. It's time to eat.

Mom, he left a while ago. He
left? Where?

He went off with Scott and
Curtis.

Now, where are you going?

I'm going to sit by the lake.

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)


Follow me.

Come running out of the woods,
screaming his head off.

Hey. Look at me.

Look at me! You're going to
have to talk to me son. Sheriff.

Let me, please.

What's his name?

Steve. Steve,

Steve, what was it? What did
you see?

It was gonna kill me.

What was gonna kill you?

It's in the woods. What's in
the woods Steve.

What did you see?

We're all dead. We're all
fucking dead.

What part of the woods did you
say he came out of?

He came running out of that
trail that runs north around
the lake.

You take everybody here and get
an ambulance. We got to get him
to the hospital.

I'm gonna take a drive around
the other side of the lake and
see what I can find out.

Alright.

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)


Hey Frank.

Listen, I want to talk to you
about Jake. I'm worried.

He's not made any friends since
we've been here.

I never see him hanging around
with anyone.

Frank!

Frank! What?

Will you talk to him?

Alright.

(Nature sounds)

Jake. Hey dad.

How you doing? OK, I guess.

OK, listen.

Try not to look so sad. You
worry your mother.

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

I just thought this would be a
good place to draw.

I didn't mean to scare you or
anything.

No, you're fine.

So, you draw?

Yeah. It's just a hobby.

I'm not really that good. Do
you mind if I see?

Sure.

It's not finished, but you get
the idea.

I like it. Thanks.

My name is Jake by the way.

It's nice to meet you Jake. I'm
Lana.

Nice to meet you Lana.

(Eerie music)

What the hell?

I thought we were going to the
lawn. No man, we're smoking
here today.

I don't know man. I've heard
stories about the guy that
lives in here. What kind of
stories?

He killed his wife or
something back in the day and
buried her in the woods.

Where'd you hear that horse
shit from?

Your fucking dad because that's
exactly what it is. Horse shit.

Let's fucking go. Come on. I
want to smoke.

(Nature sounds) (Slams)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Nature sounds)

Dude, I don't know. I don't
feel right about this. It's
just a barn.

Don't be a bitch. Come on.

Man, it is creepy as shit in
here.

No joke. You two shut the hell
up already.

Here. Make yourself useful. Go
roll that up.

Man, anyone got a horse for
this fucking chariot over here?

Oh yeah.

Check this out. Wa-wa-wa.

Be careful with that thing!
Don't be a pussy. It's not even
turned on.

What the hell are you doing in
here? Nothing.

Sir. We were just. You were
just what? Trespassing?

We weren't doing anything.

Get out. Now!

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

Hey, there's probably something
you should know. What's that?

Steve ain't been quite right
for about a year or so now.

We were out east doing a job
and a bear wandered onto the
job site

and mauled one of my guys
really bad. Steve seen the
whole thing.

Really spooked him. Really?

But the guy lived? He didn't
make it. I don't know.

Maybe it has something to do
with this.

Yeah, I drew most of this back
when I lived

in the city. Do you miss the
city at all? Not really.

I like the forest. It's grown
on me.

Skyscrapers and city parks get
old after a while.

Um,

those back when I was a kid.

They're really good. How about
you and your photos?

They're nothing special. Can I
see them?

These are good.

You should be proud of
yourself. Thanks.

Did you take any of the lake
yet? No, I haven't.

Well, how about now? OK.


(Ominous music)

(Ominous music) Steve.

Are you OK?


(Ominous music)


(Ominous music)

Lana.

Is everything OK?

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Steve, put the hammer down.
Steve. No!

No! Stop this Steve. We're all
dead!

Put the hammer down! We're all
fucking dead! (Gunshot)

(Ominous music) What was it?

You OK?

Lana.

(Ominous music)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds) (Engine
starting)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Here's my report. I did do a
little digging on this.

He has no history of violent
behavior.

No mental illness. No criminal
record.

The foreman at the site
mentioned something about an
animal attack that occurred
some time ago.

It's possible. I fail to see
how any of this is relevant.

I'm just trying to figure out
why he did this. Crazy isn't
enough?

Look, he thought he was being
chased by something. An animal
maybe.

Just like what happened
before. It is possible that
there is some sort of

connection here. Obviously,
the guy had problems.

Maybe he was just having a bad
day. I don't know.

But in the end, it really
doesn't fucking matter does it
because he's just

as dead.

With all due respect, sir, I
think we need to produce some
sort of closure on this.

Closure? For who?

You? I'm thinking that you
might just want to suck it up
and

step back a bit from this
Mitch. Easy for you to say.

You didn't have to kill
somebody yesterday. You know
what I did before I came to the
department?

No. I was in the marines. I
was sent to places that could
only be described

as hell on earth.

I've seen and done things that
no human being should ever have
to experience.

So when I tell you to suck it
up, you suck it up.

I have better things to do then
waste my time with your
insecurities.

(TV noise)


Hey, Frank, Jake, you got to
come see this.

Yeah, in a minute honey.

Dad,

I have a question. I was
wondering

So I met this girl, and I
really don't know how to talk
to her.

Jake, I'm really busy right now

Can we talk about this later?
Alright.


(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

Hey.

Hey.

So, are you OK?

I'm fine. What happened
yesterday?

I don't really want to talk
about it. OK.

Hey, you want to see something
cool? Sure.

(Soft music)

Have places like this
everywhere. So, I figured
between this and the lake,

you should get plenty of
photos. I love it.

Have you sketched it yet?

No, not really. I'm not out
here enough to finish one.

Thanks for showing me this. No
problem.

(Soft music) How are you and
your parents enjoying the

new house?

They're not my parents.

I live with my Aunt Susie and
her boyfriend.

Where are you parents? My mom

she died when I was little.
I'm sorry Lana.

I didn't know. What happened?

I don't really remember. It was
too long ago.

(Ominous music)

Lana, what's wrong?

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

No! No!

You cut this up pretty badly.
I didn't mean to startle you
folks.

My social graces aren't what
they used to be. I don't get
many visitors out here.

Son, come help me. Let's get
her inside.

(Soft music)


Have an interest in gnomes, do
you?

Not really.

Just kind of used to scare me
as a kid. Still kind of creep
me out.

Oh, it's alright. Everyone has
their fears no matter how old

they are. I think this is
gonna be

OK now. Just don't move it
much, OK? Thanks.

I'm just happy that it wasn't
any more serious.

Oh, your camera. I thought it
was broken.

I'm sure it's going to be OK.
What kind of pictures do you
take?

Just everything, really?

You mind if I see a few? Yeah,
sure.

Just press that button.

Quite beautiful.

Thanks.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

You two ought to get going.
It's going to be dark

soon. You don't want to get
lost in these woods.

Thank you again. Don't even
mention it. Just be careful.

Oh, your gnome.

No, you keep it. You got to
face your fears sometime.

Thanks.

Hello George, how've you been?

As good as I can be, I guess. I
see you haven't kept up with
the farm too much.

You know, I remember the corn
you used to grow.

Pretty darn good if I do
remember. You didn't come all
the way out here for a friendly
chit-chat.

So, why don't you just tell me
what it is you want. Fine.

Yesterday afternoon, a
construction worker wandered
into the woods

your woods. A few minutes
later, he comes running out
screaming

something is chasing after
him.

A little bit after that he
bashes some guy's head in. Hell
of a mess.

You wouldn't happen to know
anything about that, would you,
George?

I don't know anything.

See, I find that just a little
hard to believe.

I mean, with everything that is
going on around here over the
years.

How long has it been?

Strange things that have
happened in this god forsaken
place.

I tried telling you before.
There is something not right
around here.

I'm not playing games anymore
George. It's different this
time. We have families here.

Then tell them to leave. Tell
them to get far from this place.

There's something wrong.

I know. I know. There's
something in the woods.

A very convenient excuse but a
very old and tired one.

I know you're up to something
out here George and when I find
out what it is,

I'm gonna take great pleasure
in taking you down.


(Rock music)


Dude! (Laughter)

(Rock music)

Ride the train.

(Rock music)

What's up bro-ski?

(Rock music) (Chatter)

(Rock music) (Cheering)

No. So, um,

What do you think you're going
to end up going to school as?

Chicken vagina is awesome.


Hey, you know what would be
really great? What's that?

You're high man. A little.
Chickens man. Chicken vaginas.

Oh, good girl gone bad. Like
it. I know one of the boys over
there.

You wanna join the circle. I
was thinking more just us.

We can definitely. I can
definitely make that happen.

Sit right here and I will be
right back. (Chatter)

(Distant music) I can't
believe it.

Yeah, it was just like last
week when all that happened.
Here man.

You need something to drool
in.

Go fucking talk to her. I
can't talk to her.

If you don't fucking hit it, I
will.

Stop being a fucking pussy and
go get some pussy.

Get your fucking ass over there
man.

Alright, we got a fucking
challenger. Let's get this game
started man.

I mean, did you say Charlie
was

inside? Do you like beer pong?

Excuse me ladies. Can I borrow
my compadre over here.

Dude, what the fuck? I was
about to get laid.

Where's the weed at? I don't
have any.

What do you mean, you don't
fucking have any? I dropped it
at that old dude's barn.

Well, go get that shit. I mean
it.

Now? Yeah, right now. I'm
going to get my knob gobbed on.

Go fucking get the weed. Bring
it back.


If you want Lana and yourself
to have a place to stay,

then you're going to have to
let me take care of

what I have to take care
sometimes without harping at me
all the time.

Oh god. Harping?

Yes, harping. If you want you
and Lana to have a place to
stay, then I have business

that I have to take care of.
Like what?

What is more important than
what's going on here right now?

Oh my God, calm down. You know
that's not what I meant.

Do not fucking tell me to calm
down.

I'll tell you to calm down when
you need to calm down.

All I want is for you to
understand the situation. Try
to just get it a little bit.

I do understand the situation.
I'm part of it.

I think I get it pretty fucking
good. I let you guys move into
my place.

You did not let us move in. You
asked us to move in.

Yes, I asked you to move in,
doing a favor for you.

Because I felt bad for what
was going on.

Oh, because you told me it was
because you loved me.

I do love you, but that is not
remotely the point. So, what's
the point?

The point is that this is hard
on both of us, but it's harder
on me. You guys are
interrupting my life.

We're interrupting your life?
Yes. Are you fucking kidding me?

No, I'm not kidding you.
Please enlighten me.

Every time I come home, you
guys are here. I can't get away
from you.

I'm either at work or at home
dealing with you.

You're dealing with us? Yes,
dealing with you on a daily
basis.

Really? Yes. Maybe you should
be dealing with the clothes you
leave everywhere.

The clothes? Or the fucking
dishes you never wash. It's my
own business. It's my place.

It is our place now. It's your
place because you a re living
here but it's my

place because I own it. It's
our place because you asked us
to move in.

(Intense music)

(Ominous music) (Shatter)

Oh my god, Lana.

Are you OK? Lana.

Lana.


Lana, Lana.

Come out. Lana. What's going
on?

We can't fight in front of
her.

Lana, come out. I'm sorry.

We'll work through this like
we always do.

Alright, well, if you feel like
talking, we'll be out here.

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

Fuck this place is as creepy
as shit.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Intense music)

(Intense music) Where you
going?

Crystal? What are you doing
here?

What's it matter? Do I need a
reason to see you?

I didn't think you were
interested. Just relax.

I'll take care of you.

(Intense music)

Male voice: Calling me a bad
father?

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)


(Intense music)

(Intense music)

It won't be my last.



isn't home. Yeah.

So? So? Our son is missing.

Honey, do you see how busy I
am?


(Ominous music)


(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music) (Slam)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Aunt Susie is with me now.

(Intense music)

(Intense music)

(Intense music)

(Heavy breathing)

Lana? Hey, you OK? What
happened?

We just have to go OK? Lana
wait.

(Nature sounds)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Lana!

Lana!

He didn't say where he was
going. He has

not called. We haven't heard
anything. It's alright Mrs.
Murphy.

You have every reason to be
concerned. We've been so
worried.

This isn't like him. I
understand.

When was the last time you saw
him? I don't know why he does
things like this?

I mean my other son doesn't.
He never really wants to talk
to me anyway.

You alright? I'm fine.

I'm trying to make the
responsible and do what they're
supposed to do.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Sleep it off.

Excuse me? Your son.

He's probably just sleeping it
off with his buddies.

What do you mean?

What I mean is your son is a
pot head and a pain in my ass.

Look, I'm sorry. I'm gonna
talk to Dustin's

friends, see what I can find
out, and I'll do everything in
my power

to get your son back to you.
You have my word.

What the hell was that? You
scared that woman half

to death. Dammit, Rick, you
have got

to talk to me.

Whoa!

What the? What are you doing?

Jeez, Rick, what are you doing
man?

Rick, hey!

Rick! Rick! Hey!

What? Listen here you son of a
bitch.

I can put a hole through your
chest. You'll be dead before
you hit the fucking ground.

So, I'd think about that the
next time you consider touching
me. Rick.

Tell me what is going on.
Where are you going?

Stand down private. This is my
mission.

Lana!

(Ominous music)



(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Whoa, what the fuck?

What the fuck are you doing
here?

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Radio static)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Radio static)

(Ominous music)

What are you doing? Foster? We
got to get cover.

Come on. Get down. My god,
Foster. I watched you die man.

Do I look fucking dead to you?
What the hell is this?

Don't fucking get section 8 on
me now. (Gunshots) Get the fuck
down.

Foster. Foster!

Shit.

Foster. Foster.


Man, I'm sorry. I should have
never left you here.

Fucking son of a bitch got me.
I should have been here for you.

Rick, I'm fucking dying man.

No, you hold on. You hear me?

Rick, you get that mother
fucker. You hear me? You get
that mother fucker Rick!

Yes, I'll get him. That son of
a bitch fucking killed me. Calm
down. I'll get him.

It'll be alright.

Rick! Behind you!

(Intense music)

(Intense music)

(Ominous music)

Kill him Rick.

Kill them all.

For the core.

For the core.





Yeah, hi, Mr. Schultz,

it's officer Debois down at
the sheriff's station. Yes,
yes, I'm fine.

Thanks. Uh, listen, would it
be possible to talk to Scott?

We're trying to locate his
buddy, Dustin. His parents

haven't...oh, he didn't come
home either?

OK. OK.

Let me check with his other
friends and see what we can
come up with.

No, we'll do everything we
can, I swear.

Mr. Schultz? What's wrong?

there?

(Ominous music)

So, where are we going? Just
keep walking.

We're not going to go with you
if we don't know where we're
going.

You're with us, so you don't
sick mom on us. Too late for
that. She already called the
cops.

What was that? Last night,
when he didn't come home. Oh
shit.

That's not good. No shit
that's not fucking good.

Your whore of a mom called the
god damn cops on us. What did
you do?

Scott, we were partying and he
went to get some shit and he
didn't come back.

What do you mean he didn't
come back? He means he didn't
come back.

Now, we are going to go
fucking find him. We're going
back to the barn.

You just want the weed man.
Fuck you.



(Ominous music)

Dispatch, come in.

Dispatch, we've had a shooting
at the

Schultz residence. Please come
in.

Dispatch, I need troopers in
here ASAP.

Dispatch!

Dammit!

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

So, this is where we're going?
Can't get anything passed you.

Are you sure man? What if
something happens to Scott when
he went down?

What if that old bastard
killed him?

And you'd know? Jesus, will
you two shut the fuck up,
alright?

We need to go find Scott before
Thompson does.

Huh, look at this ugly mother
fucker.

Right.

(Ominous music)

What in the world? I don't
know.

Guys. What is it? Look at
this.

Yeah, wonder boy, it's a god
damn scarecrow. Now, let's
fucking go.

I don't know man. Something
feels awful about this. My god,

will you two jerk offs, can we
please fucking go? Jesus.

(Ominous music)


(Ominous music)

Lana! Dude, we got to fucking
go. We can't leave

her. We got to fucking go. You
can fucking stay here. I'm
getting the fuck out.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Dustin!


Please! Please, you have to
let me in! Lana.

What's wrong?

It's OK. Nothing is gonna hurt
you. Trust me.

Come inside.

(Nature sounds)


Here. Someone your age should
eat.

Besides, no one can pass up my
stew.

Thanks.

Poor girl.

(Soft music) It's alright.
You're safe now.

Tell me what happened.

I can't.

Lana, I can't help you unless
you tell me what's going on.

You know, I'm reminded

of my wife. Why is that?

Long ago, shortly after we got
married,

we decided to move out here in
the country and we had, in our
early years,

an adventurous life you could
say. Decided to settle down

and before we knew it, we were
expecting a little one

of our own. I bet you were
excited.

Yes, we both were.

At least for a while. What
happened?

We lost the baby a few months
in.

I'm so sorry. Things happen.

But the point is,

Carol was devastated, but she
held it in.

She wouldn't talk about it.

She couldn't face the pain.

When you hold something like
that in,

it only grows until it
destroys you from within.

Fear of facing your own pain is
the worst fear of all.

Lana, what are you afraid of?



Lana!


It's not real. this is not
happening.

It's not real!


(Intense music)

Where's George?

I asked you a question young
lady.

You can run, but you can't
hide.

(Soft music )

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)


Wasn't very smart George. Go
that way. Why?

He'll follow me. Go. (Click)


(Intense music)


(Intense music)

(Intense music)

I told you I'd find you,
didn't I? Why run?

(Intense music)

(Radio static)

You're going to pay for what
you did to Foster.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Intense music)

(Intense music)

(Intense music)


(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Dustin. No Jacob.

I mean. (Beeping)


Busy?

How can it be busy? How can 911
be busy?

That's not the way it is.

Oh god.

Everything where it should be.

For when they get home.

OK, everything

will be fine. (Tapping)



Frank.

Frank, are you listening to
me? Not now. I'm busy. Not now?

Frank, our boys are missing.
God dammit, Karen, I'm

fucking working. Now get out
and leave me alone!


(Ominous music)

Jake! Jake!

Jake! Jake! Oh god Jake, no.

No. Frank! Frank! There's
something wrong with Jake.

Oh Jake. (Crying)

Frank! Karen, what the fuck do
you want?

Jake, he won't wake up.

We need to call an ambulance.

What the hell are you talking
about?

What?

He was right here. I saw him.

Karen, I'm sick and tired of
your bullshit.

He was right here. I saw him.

He was right here. Shut up!

I'm sick and fucking tired of
you and the kids interrupting me

every time I got work to do.

You know what will happen if I
don't get this report done?

Do you? Huh? We're gonna lose
the house. Gone.

The car. Gone. We'll lose
everything.

Frank, please, just listen.
No.

You listen. You should be
thankful for all the shit

I do around here, but no, it's
always Frank, come to dinner.

Frank, where are the children.
Frank, spend more time with me.

Never fucking ends. Please.

Don't do this. Don't do what?

Shut you up once and for all?

Huh? So, I can get some peace
and quiet around here.

Finally get some work done.

Maybe I should. Maybe I should
just squeeze you until you pop.

That'd be fucking great. (Stab)

(Ominous music) (Choking)

Karen.

(Ominous music)

Oh god.

Oh no. No, no, no.

Frank.

You shouldn't worry so much
mom.

No! No! No!


(Ominous music)

(Ominous music) Dad!

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Strange noises)


(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)


Mom. No.

It's OK, mom. It's OK. You'll
be OK.

You'll be fine. I promise.
What happened?

Why did you do it? What? Why

I don't understand. Mom, come
on. No.

Mom, no. Come on. Wake up mom.

Mom.

(Soft music) (Crying)

(Ominous music)


You hurt?

(Nature sounds)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)



Thank you.

Thompson had this file out.

It's all about you.
Interesting read, I'd imagine.

To be honest with you George,
I'm not sure what I read.

That doesn't surprise me. God
dammit George, I just walked
away from a bloodbath.

I need some answers. I don't
know what this is.

I don't know where it came
from.

What I do know, is whatever it
is,

every tormented thought, every
fear, somehow,

is made real around here.

What the hell does that even
mean?

It means there's something
wrong in those woods. So,
that's your explanation?

People vanishing without a
trace, running out of

those woods completely mad.

I have lived with this every
day for the last thirty years.

I've seen good people.

Good people taken by this
place.

George, I got a question for
you.

What exactly happened to your
wife?

(Soft music)

After we lost the baby,

she started talking about
seeing some kind of shadows in
the corner of eyes.

I thought it was the grief
talking.

But then other things started
to happen.

Missing persons.

People babbling about strange
creatures running around out
there in the dark.

Terrible deaths.

I didn't think Carol had
anything to do with it, but she
was convinced

it was all her fault.

She said that something had
latched onto her and was feeding

off of her pain and fear.

Whether it was the guilt or
something else, I don't know,
but it

ate at her.

Ate at her until one day,

she ran out into those woods
and hung herself from the old
oak tree.

(Ominous music)

And what about Thompson?

He was just a deputy at the
time.

I took him out to the woods and
she was gone.

Carol's body had disappeared.
He didn't believe me.

He was sure I had something to
do with it.

And he wouldn't let go of
that.

I don't even know what to make

of all this. You don't have to
make anything of it.

Just know that what I am saying
is the truth. Alright, but why
now?

Why after thirty years?

After she died, out there,
whatever it is, lost its

potency. Its power.

So, it's been sitting out
there, all that time, waiting
for something.

Something to feed upon.

It needs fear.

The deeper the fear, the
stronger it gets.

(Soft music)

You OK?

Makes two of us.

(Soft music)

We're leaving.

Where?

Into the city. It's about a
twenty minute drive.

What's wrong?

Our supply shed is up the
road. We got flares, med kits,

things like that. Maybe we
should stop there first.

You really think we need all
that?

You'd rather be without?

It's your call. (Engine start)


(Nature sounds)

No, no. Just hang tight right
here.

I'll be right back.


(Nature sounds)

(Intense music)

I told you this day was coming.

I told you I was gonna take you
down. It's not you doing it.

Rick!

Back off.

shoot

then shoot. Don't test me. You
ain't got the balls.

Jake, be careful. (Engine
start)


Jake, are you OK? Yes, I'm
fine.


Everybody's OK? Good job kid.

(Ominous music)

Look!

Let's get out of here.

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

(Nature sounds)

Did anyone else just see that?

Hello.

Could be somebody signaling

for help. Let's check it out.


What is it? Not sure.

Let's go. We don't want to
deal with it.

It's a camera.

That's my camera.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music) (Growling)

(Ominous music)


George.

Jake.

Lana.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

You did this to me! You!

You could have saved me!

(Ominous music)

You die!

Listen, whatever it is you
thought you saw, it's not

real. Snap out of it.

We need to get out of here.

Wait, wait, wait. What about
the kids?

We have to assume they made it
back to my place. We'll go look
there. Alright.

You OK? I'm OK. What about
you?

I'm fine.

Jake!

George!

Jake!

Jake!

Jake isn't here right now
Lana.

You don't need him. Not when
you have me.

(Ominous music)

Lana! God dammit,

Karen, I'm fucking working.
Now get out! Dad?

I'm sick and fucking tired of
you and the kids interrupting

me every time I got work to
do. Dad, where are you?

Not do what? Shut you up once
and for all?

Dad?

Mom?

Don't do this! (Woman crying)

Oh no, no. Mom, I'm sorry.

I was too late mom. I was too
late.

Little baby cry. You're
pathetic.

What are you doing here?

I don't understand. What don't
you understand sweetie? I'm
here for you.

You don't have to worry any
longer.

Why are you afraid of me? Just
go away!

Really? Go away?

How dare you talk to me like
that you good for nothing shit.

Do not speak to me like that!

What am I gonna do with you
huh? I gave you everything

Sorry. And now you want me to
go away.

You little shit. You're just
like your mother.

And like her, I'm gonna leave
you here.

To rot alone.

No!

You no friends, no family, and
it's all your fault.

It's pathetic. No!

Your whole family is dead. You
have no one.

Not even Lana. Jake!

Jake! She's gonna die out here
you know.

We're just gonna feed off of
her.

Until the only option she has
is to end it all.

And there is nothing you can
do because honestly, it's all
your

fault. No.

Lana is gonna die because of
you. No!

(Soft music)

Hey, Lana. It's Jake.

Look, whatever you're seeing,
it's not real, OK? We got to go.

Come on. I'm not leaving you.
Come on.

Come on.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

I thought you said it wasn't
real. It's not, but we can't
control

everything.

OK, my house is that way. I
need you to go there and find
the kids and get them far away
from here.

What about you? Thompson, in
his own way, may have been
right all these years.

I have not been getting rid of
it. I've only been keeping it
in.

You can't blame yourself for
this.

Ever since it did Carol in,
it's been trying to do me in
and by not letting it do that,

I've only been giving it just
enough fear to hang on. You
can't think that way.

We can still beat this. It is
not too late. I'm gonna go end
it right now.

That is not an option George.
What it did to Carol, I'm not
going to let it do it to that
girl.

I won't! We can think of
another way.

I hate to break up this tender
moment. Don't even think about
it.


George! No!

I've killed more people than
you can imagine.

This isn't any different, but
you know, I expected a little
more out of you.

But you got no guts.

You should have shot me when
you had the chance. Now look at
you.

You can't even fight off an old
man. You are a disgrace to the
marine core.

I am not a marine!


You can't do it. You're
nothing but... (Gunshot)



(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Lana go!

Go!

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

I know

it's not you, but we will be
together

soon.

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

Lana!

Hey, hey, it's Jake. Lana,
it's Jake.

It's OK.


Lana, we got to go, OK?

(Ominous music)

Let's go! Come on!

Lana, come on. Let's go. Come
on.

I can't! You have to Lana. You
have to.

You have to face your fear.

It's OK.

Take this.

Everyone has got to face their
fears sometime.

I can't do this anymore.

What the fuck is that supposed
to mean?

It means I want you to leave.
Leave? This is my fucking house.

And I'm not going anywhere. I
love you,

but I can't live here the way
you are.

I understand, but I won't have
this for Lana.

You calling me a bad father?
No, I'm not saying that. How
dare you talk to me like that!

Fucking cunt! (Thud)


Don't! (Thudding)


(Soft music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Ominous music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

(Soft music)

