Danyu!

The grasslands have not seen such activity in a
long time

This time when we plunder the Central Plains

We are able join forces with all nine major tribes

Such military power has never been seen before!

Come!

Drink!

Let's drink!

Father!

Mendu is not yet here?

Elder Brother says he is releasing the captives

Releasing the captives?

Let's fight them! Don't!

Ashina!

Yes!

Kill!

Stop!

Danyu!

Danyu!

Brother! Is killing defenseless prisoners...

...the act of a hero?.

They are all sheep already in my mouth.

I will eat them however I please

Our days are numbered

We must be back on the grasslands

by the first snow

Father, plundering the Plains every year...

... is not a long term plan

Instead of being divided and defeated

by the Wei army for robbery,

why don't we take advantage of the united forces

we have this time, and turn the fertile Wei
farmlands...

... into our new ranch!

Of course, it is all up to you,

for you are the true master of the grasslands.

Mendu! Don't kill prisoners any more!

Yes, sir!

Only longtime veterans understand

that there are no heroes on the battlefield,

only dead men and crazy ones

Talking about feeling?.

Fools!

But if not for you, none of us would be here

You are the one who lives by his feelings!

Father, time for your medicine!

I don't want medicine

I want to drink wine!

Sure. Let me pour for you.

Here!

I don't want this one, I want that one

It's still medicine!

Go for the weakness, use the enemy against
himself,

Mulan is using battle tactics on her father!

It's all your fault!

Why did you teach her kung fu?.

Waving her stick around all day

She's a girl!

Who will marry her?.

Grandfather!

Hi, Tiger! Sister Mulan!

How long has it been since you practiced kung
fu?.

I practiced yesterday and today!

I didn't see you; when did you practice?.

From when the cock started crowing to when it
stopped

so it counted as both days!

You brat!

Mulan!

The Rourans are at our border. Massive troops
are needed for our defense

Military families from all villages. Heed the
Emperor's command!

Farmer families contribute food. Military families
contribute men

With united spirit. We will defeat the dog
invaders!

Cao Dayou!

Here!

Hua Hu!

Here!

Father! You are ill, you can't go!

No such thing! This is a military family's duty!

Yang Ji!

Here!

Yang Wencai!

Here!

Ma Wen!

Here!

Old partner,

it's our turn to go...

to the frontlines again!

Father,

have some more wine

I have some money stashed away

in the jar under the bed.

Master Ho found you a husband.

Get married after the new year.

Don't do martial arts any more. You're a girl...

One day,

you will find a new star in the sky.

That would be me

Your mother's been up there for so long

She must be lonely...

Mulan! Help me!

Here I come, Tiger!

I have failed to discipline my daughter; l
apologize for her

The Hua family has only known how to fight in
battles!

If you want to fight...

be a man in your next life

Our rules:. stealing from each other, death
penalty!

Bullying, raping, bringing women into camp,
death penalty!

Spreading rumors of ghosts and witchcraft, death
penalty!

Fear and escape for no reason, death penalty!

Missing signals, sleeping other than where
assigned, death penalty!

C company! Get 60,000 stone of food from Tu
Family Village!

Go!

Remember

These tags must always be kept on you.

They will represent you when you are dead.
Understand?.

Yes, sir!

Names

Fei Tiger

Hua Hu's son, Hua Mulan

Pay attention!

Thank you!

Get your uniforms and go to Tent Three

Hua Mulan?.

Yes

You! Why are you here?.

I took my father's place

You didn't!

Tiger! Tiger!

Tiger!

Women are not allowed at camp.

It's punishable by death!

Are you trying to destroy our whole village?.

So you must keep our secret

You want me to go see my dad sooner, don't
you?.

Tiger, you must help me!

You know my dad; he would never survive this!

But...

Fei Tiger! Come here!

Will you do as I ask?.

Sure!

I knew you would do this!

I will do anything you ask

But you must so as I say on one matter.

Talk less, laugh less

Why?.

You laugh like this...

We laugh like this.

Also, don't open your eyes so wide!

Why not?.

Our eyes are not that big!

You mean, your eyes are small

Your eyes are too big!

Hey

From now on, you must all obey me!

Brother Tiger!

I heard he's the Commander's nephew,

Hu Guei

Bai!

Brother Tiger!

This is Mulan

Scholar!

Fatso! Brother Tiger!

This is Mulan

Come

Hulu! This is Mulan

Hello, Brother Munan

We want to trade beds with you

Why?.

Mulan likes quieter spots against the wall

Sure

Sit down, gamble with Young Master!

I need a leopard!

Bring him!

Kill!

Out of the mud from the grey,

comes a turtle called Hu Guei!

Let's call him Turtle from now on!

Yes! We'll call him Turtle!

Training is over. Go back to your tents!

Black Wind! Will Father blame me

for leaving without saying goodbye?.

All the crooks and heroes in the camp, officers
protecting their own,

with Father's temper, he couldn't take it

Right?.

Wrong!

You're a rookie?. What's your name?.

So...

you only talk to horses?.

But I don't eavesdrop

Then think of me as a horse. I'm Wentai.

My horse is Moon Chaser. What's yours called?.

He is Black Wind!

Black Wind...

and you?.

I'm Hua Mulan

What a great horse!

Help me! Come here!

My horse is amazing. It is a war hero!

Really?.

Do you know what it is called?.

What?.

Hua Mulan

Come, Wentai!

Come, Hua Mulan!

Brother Mulan!

This is Wentai

I'm Tiger

I'm Wentai

I'm older brother Fatso

I'm younger brother Hulu

Hello! I'm Scholar

Hello!

What are you painting?.

My wife

You're already married?. I though you were
painting him!

I am the only son in my family,

so Father let me marry young.

Paint my picture!

Should I smile or not?.

Just as you are!

Crying again?.

You're an enlisted man! So you die;

why are you always crying?.

Bai here sold himself to the landlord next door

to enlist in place of his son, in order to raise
money

for his mother's medicine. But she is still sick now

I lost again! You bastard!

You cried away my leopard!

What are you crying for! Did your mother die?.

What did you say?. Do not talk about my mother!

What are you doing?.

Sir, please spare my life!

If you must fight,

do so on the battlefield!

My Brother Mulan!

My father is sick, too. But we can't go back!

Your mother knows what a good son you are.
She will wait for you!

Brother Wentai

I'm done!

Thank you!

Repel!

Advance!

Attack!

You're killing me!

Advance!

Attack!

Repel!

Advance!

Attack!

Repel!

Advance!

Attack!

Repel!

Attack!

Tiger, didn't you say you found a hot spring?.

Take me there!

Which battalion do you belong to?.

I'm asking you!

A woman?.

You're a woman!

Tiger

I ran into Wentai!

How did you do that?.

I fought with him in the hot spring!

Did he recognize you?.

I think he just knows it's a woman

Well, then...go to sleep...

Get up!

Fall in!

Uncle, it was stolen when I was training with
them!

The Prince Regent's jade belt pendant has been
stolen!

Return it now, I'll only cut off your hand.

If I find it on you,

I'll cut off your head!

Search them!

Strip down!

Now! Hurry! What are you looking at?. Strip down!

Hurry! Quit messing around! Strip down now!

You! What are you waiting for?. Hurry!

Yes, you! Now!

Hurry!

All clothes off!

Strip down!

You in the back! Hurry!

What are you waiting for! Pants off! All off!

Clothes off! Hurry!

Strip down!

Strip down! Strip down!

I stole it!

Bring him here!

Where is the pendant?.

I lost it

Lost it?.

He must have sold it!

Where is it?.

I forgot

Take him out to be executed!

Commander,

we should investigate this first!

Execution is tomorrow at noon!

Where can it be?. What am I to do!

I know you didn't steal the pendant.

What's going on?.

My father is very sick,

so I dressed up as a boy to take his place

How can I help you?.

Please

don't let him know

I didn't...

die in combat!

Have some soup

From the day I entered camp

I've had nightmares every night

Please,

personally burn my corpse

Don't let anyone else find out!

I promise to burn your nightmares

Thank you

Leave us!

Yes, sir!

It's a Rouran attack! Get out!

Run!

Run!

How will you justify letting me go?.

This is war. There aren't so many consequences.

Go!

Commander!

Commander!

Thank you!

Mulan! Mulan!

Rush over! Kill their General!

Chop!

Chop off his head!

That is the rule!

The Rouran General is dead!

Kill them!

Retreat! Now!

Hurry! Bring him here! Now!

Stay calm!

Prepare the bandages! Yes, sir!

Uncle!

What shall I do without you?.

You still have us

Come on

Salute!

A century of human life is like a dream

Life and death occur, heroes have no regrets

Protect my homeland, show off my nation's pride

What joy is there in life...

Mulan, you can be a talented general!

I'll keep your identity secret

Stay on

I don't want their families

to feel even worse when they see the blood.

Come!

I'm actually very afraid of blood!

My father dislikes me

He said I would amount to nothing since I couldn't
even bear to kill a rabbit,

and kicked me out of the house

You weren't afraid,

you just couldn't bear to!

You're right.

So I worked hard to excel

so I can show him

I used to hate him,

but now I understand he was just training me

I have my own way

I imagine my fear is a person

Then I shout at him,

I'm not afraid of you!

And I'm not!

I'm not afraid of you!

What did you say?.

Nothing!

In the third year of our Emperor's rule, our nation
lost a hero

Commander Feng died for the country

The Emperor commands Wentai to be
Commander

Hua Mulan to be Sub-Commander

and hopes they will lead the 6th Battalion to
serve the country.

The Rouran Price Mendu has gathered all the
tribes

I fear a major battle is imminent!

I hereby command all battalions to attack

to weaken the Rouran forces!

Go forth!

Big Brother!

The Emperor commands that,

for their wartime accomplishments,

Wentai is to be made General of Conquering
North

Hua Mulan to be made General of Pacifying North

and hopes these heroes will fight to protect our
homeland!

I finally understand

why Father said...

we must not have feelings on the battlefield!

We were rewarded and made Generals

but who will reward them?.

When I was a child, Father said

when people die, they will become stars in the
sky!

Danyu! Wei generals Hua Mulan and Wentai
soundly defeated Bawuyi!

Hua Mulan and Wentai again!

So the Wei nation still has generals as fierce as
tigers!

Father

A wolf can kill one sheep.

But ten wolves can eat a tiger!

I beg you not to split up our forces again!

The Rouran nation was established 1 50 years
ago.

We have fewer and fewer tribesmen. It's a hard
life

Father

I want to be a queen of Wei

If I were queen,

We can become friends with the Central people

We can trade our pelts and horses...

for their salt and iron.

Wouldn't that be good?.

If you didn't have an older brother,

you would be the future Danyu, Master of the
Grasslands.

Danyu!

Child, I gave you your freedom long ago,

yet you stayed to be with me all these years

I hope, when I die,

to be buried to the sound of your singing

Then you should bring your tribesmen home

The Rourans should have a friend.

General Hua! General Wentai was ambushed
when he was scouting up ahead.

He orders that you remain here to await his
command, and guard the supplies!

Scholar!

Yes, General?.

Stay here and guard the supplies!

Yes, sir!

All cavalrymen, come with me!

General Hua!

General Wen asked you to remain where you
were!

All supply wagons, go over there!

Retreat!

Don't chase them!

Why are you here?.

I was worried about you!

Let's go!

General Hua,

as soon as you left, we were ambushed!

Scholar!

Scholar!

Scholar!

Scholar! Hang on!

Hang in there,

Scholar!

Your wife is waiting for you at home! Hang on!

I'm not married...

Before I left...

I promised my father...when I went back

I would give him a grandson...

General!

I failed to protect the supplies...sorry!

Bring me back...to my father...

I'm sorry...

Scholar!

Scholar!

Scholar!

I'm sorry...

Where else do you want to go?.

To find them!

Your short temper in battle, caused the death of
so many of our men,

can you see that?.

It's all my fault!

It's all on me!

I shouldn't have gone to you,

but I was terrified...

that you wouldn't come back...

I've lost so many brothers,

I can't bear to lose you!

Your father was right

We cannot develop feelings in battle

If you were me...

wouldn't you have come?.

I wouldn't

Why was Father so excited to talk about war?.

I've fought battle after battle,

Lost one after another of my brothers,

I really don't want to fight any more.

Everyone is awaiting their General to lead them
to battle!

I don't want to fight any more

I don't want to be a General

I want to be a normal person!

Who wants to fight!

I also don't want to fight any more!

If I could use my life to stop this battle,

I would have done it long ago!

The problem is, we cannot choose!

Once you put on a General's armor,

Your life is no longer your own

This is what war is about!

Stay,

just this once!

Ambush!

Brother Wentai!

General!

Before Brother Wentai died, he asked me to give
you this.

He told you to never give up

If we steal and drink the army's wine, we'll be
whipped!

We won't; who rules over us now?.

True; General Wen is gone

and General Hua has not trained us in a long
time

Don't worry, drink up!

General Hua! General Hua!

Okay's we're fine

See, I told you no one cares!

Keep drinking!

Keep drinking!

Sir, General Hua has not trained us in a long time

The General has ordered training to cease

Let's train together! Get up!

What's the use?. The General doesn't care any
more

Do we still have a General?.

What did you say?.

Turtle!

Let's train by ourselves!

What are you doing?.

Give it back!

Are you living for the dead, or for the living?.

Give it back!

There are things you must do!

It is your duty!

You are no longer the Sister Mulan I adored!

Because you wanted to escape, you caused the
death of Brother Wentai,

And you will cause the death of many of our
brothers in the future!

You are so selfish!

He really wanted to see you become a good
leader.

If he sees what you have become,

he will be so disappointed!

Tiger!

Fall in!

The General Hua you see before you

is actually terrified of battle.

I had been afraid and hiding all along.

But...

I never thought my fear and hiding

would cause the loss of the most important friend
in my life

His departure lets me understand

fleeing from the endless battles

only makes us lose even more!

From now on, I will become stronger,

and protect each one of you!

And you must all become stronger

to protect those near you!

Will you do that?.

Hail, General Hua!

Hail, the Wei army!

Hail, General Hua!

Brother Wentai!

No matter if I live or die,

tell Mulan I have died!

Her emotional tie must be cut before

she can really grow strong

Promise me!

All right

In the sixth year of the Emperor's rule, General
Hua led 5,000 soldiers

to lure the Rourans across the river

He ordered his men to destroy a dyke upstream.
Countless enemy soldiers were washed away

We killed 1 0,000 of the enemy with no loss of life!

In the seventh year, he chased the enemy for
300 miles

It was snowing

The enemy thought we had retreated

But General Hua disregarded the hardships

and tracked them down to their hiding place,
attacked when they were unprepared,

killed 20,000, and took 3,000 prisoners!

The Rouran quake at the sound of his name!

Also, when General Hua goes to battle,

he always stands in front of his soldiers

His men are so moved, they will gladly die for
him!

When he sees other battalions in trouble, he will
always help them

So among the Wei army, he inspires confidence,

And is well-respected.

In the eighth year, General Hua led 3,000 men...

Enough!

Say no more. Demoted to the cooking team!

Why are you demoting General Hua to the
cooking team?.

I meant you!

Remove him! Yes, sir!

Commander-in-chief, sir!

We can have wine if we win! Come!

General Hua! You are a great guy!

I want to be your sworn brother!

Sorry, General Hua! He's drunk

General Hua, I'm not drunk!

General Hua!

Let's tell her the truth

No!

Now the army's morale is strong

and it all hinges on her!

I always hoped...

her heart would harden

And not be bothered by matters of emotion

As long as the Rourans still live, we do not have
a home

The nation's business is more important than our
own

You two are so lonely!

Chiefs Futu, Shelun and Buluzhen are outside,

waiting to bid farewell to Your Highness

Your Highness!

My tribe lost badly in the Battle of Buhe,

