â™ª â™ª

SS Bremson,

according to fantasy law?

double

middle initial how are we
supposed to take this seriously?

sword.

She's a free spirited sorcerer
without a care in the world.

They've got a lot to learn
about each other,

and even more to learn about
love.


hearing in the background here.

Really hope it's not a public
restroom.


movie.

Please enjoy the standard issue
Fantasy Movie Fox.

â™ª â™ª


sorcerer and the dopey but
lovable bailiff.

Low you now of days long past.

The time when the world was
young.

overwrought.

And wild adventure was forever
in the offing.


Seems like nothing's ever in
the offing these days.

Save that which is veiled in
the midsts of legendry.


How exactly is that different
from "legend"

veiled in the midsts.

Gotta go!


It was in these midsts, that
our tale begins.

On Tomb Island, a rocky crag
perched.

At the far edge of the world.


Why would you want to live on
Tomb Island, a rocky crag

perched at the far edge of the
world?

And my answer is parking.

There's always plenty of
parking.


Rocky, Craggy.

His story does check out.



(crackling noises)


So Tomb Island is not just a
fun name.

â™ª â™ª

(crackling noises)

for my house.

Claw your way through a bunch
of solid rock, then you

can tell me about the watch
tower.

You've earned it!

Nolte continues.


Ah you found me!

Heh. Hat's off to you Sherlock.

Welcome to Tomb Island.

Make yourself at home.

Take care not to step on the
rib bones though.

Making a shirt out of them on
account of the price

of cotton gotten too dang high!

Heh heh.

Sorry. I'm not feeling well.

I caught something from a lady
I've been bedding lately.

Sweet little gal but she eats
sanitary like me.

He heh.

legendry.

...Wait for us at the boats

nativity scene?

Why not?

their more

successful cousin Manhattan.

â™ª â™ª


Is it in the offing?


Hard to see through all these
dang midsts of legendry.


We're working on the ambience.

keeps her discarded layers.


Let's pop this ark open melt
some faces off and call it a
day.

Get on with it

Witch!

Haaaah!

that comeback later.

Haaah.

What the hell was I thinking?

Haaah!

movie law?

You must have a black woman
acting kind of scary.

Grace Jones

and Eartha Kitt don't return
your calls.


This is all poop.

Haaah!!

the dentist

Huuuuuuhh.

Marta Gulos.


Oh, a Martha Stewart collection
at Target.

Sure honey we'll stop by on the
way home.



Still more personal space than
my first college apartment.


best when he played with these
guys.



Great.

I hear what you're saying,
prioritizing your feedback

and we'll definitely circle
back in these concerns

at the next agenda session.

(winds blowing)

enjoy

luxurious accommodations in a
room of

screaming tortured faces with
complimentary

swirling red dust.


Now for the time share
presentation.

â™ª â™ª


damn clarinet!

Ah!

It lives!


â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª


Freddy Krueger action figure
isn't quite ready.

Put it back in the mold for a
while

(breathing sounds)

(growling noises)


Put it in a glass.

With some Fresca.

Bring it to me.

Fresca.


Man, this is the weird weirdest
hot yoga class.

Who are thou?

Titus Krump, king of


Wow.

Gotta try this sauce it's so
good.

We need your help.

It's the richest kingdom in the
world.

And I want it.


Why dost thou need my services?

I want a king with an army.

Simmons.

But with your help I will be
victorious.

And what would thou bestow upon
me?

goo in a hole on Tomb Island.

What more could anyone want?

A toad like you even has the
power to aid us.


I make the same face when the
waitress asks " Is pepsi
okay?".

(growling noises)


This one's honey barbecue.

Wait did I miss something?

â™ª â™ª

(growling noises)

My master.

Oh my god!

birthday card remember?

When you opened it played "Who
let the dogs out?"



Eight yards!

You know witch toss is one of
the more

popular sports on Tomb Island.


After dark.

reference for my next employer?

Okay never mind.

(dramatic music)

Ma?

Demons these days.


My ark is powerful!


Betray me.

And I will joyly send you back
to rot in hell.

coaches should use that

for motivation speech.

Thou shalt have my kingdom.

And I, I too shall have what
should be mine.

products at an affordable price.

â™ª â™ª

A thousand leagues away, the
wondrous

kingdom of Aidime was
celebrating twenty years

of peace and tranquility.

that.

The end!

Had been transformed into a
prospering civilized nation.

By the wise and strong - King
Richard


This asshole?

(Kevin laughs)

We mustn't keep everyone
waiting.

Cosplay orgy.

I treasure you.

The nightmares and the dreams
still haunt me.

What did Amilious tell you
about me?

the hideous beard by any chance?

What he said was that it's too
much of this kingly life.

Unbeknownst to them all..


Aided by Zusia's black sorcery.

And already stormed across the
boarders of Aida.

Leaving behind a wake of
ungodly death, disease and
destruction.

laughs.


King Richard is finished.

Half of his army lay rotting
before us.

doing Shakespeare.

Besides, if we don't kill Zusia
now while he's

still weak from his conjuring,
we might never be rid of him.

(bark noise)

isn't he?

(Kevin laughs)


Thou our hero.

Get to the point.

you hose the goop off him

and dress him up in a ratty
robe from Goodwill.

Well then you shall sleep.

Forever. (screaming)

(guys laugh)

â™ª â™ª


I hope his gas tank explosion
hits the ground.

first why don't you?

Cromwell could not be stopped.

Only one army stood between him
and the city.

stood between Sex and the City.



Don't talk.

Wait for the leach.


He'll serve you with champagne
wishes and caviar dreams!

Destroyed?

By his black.


That's my favorite Michael
Jackson's song father.

I want you to know.



Our poor son.

His horrible adult acne
finally did him in.

pay for the Pro Active
treatments.

It just seemed like such a
scam.



So I'm thinking pasta?

He will ride with me.

The others I leave in your
charge.

Weetikus over there.

Take them and escape.

Go to the witch on the river.

Foley will take you.

Go now.

Quickly Maria.

Take me to battle father.

You'll need me.

any most righteous waves!

I do love you more than life
itself.

If I die it will fall upon you
to avenge me.

unstuck.

Accidentally glued them
together.

I understand.

sword in

a three sliced toaster and died.

And so it came to pass, that
the remnants of Richard's armies

met Cromwell's black swords in
a final desperate battle.


The fate of Aida had been
decided.

of the

dead men's bodies for some
unknown reason.

(Kevin laughs)

Charlie?

guy is here.

Where's my father?

Don't worry about the king.


Have you seen his beard?

We must save the queen.

Cromwell will be after her
next.

any historical significance

to him having the name
Cromwell?




Let's fetch it.


Right in the..

Where was that?

Father!

No Telly.

Listen to me.

Avenge your father another day.

movie will be way too short.

Must escape on the river.

You must save her.

You hear?

The future of the kingdom is in
your hands.

Now go!

okay.

Why don't you help?


Totally dying. (cough cough).

Go! Go! Go!

â™ª â™ª


Jerry's Robe Emporium is
having a blowout sale.

â™ª â™ª


That is so Henry.

clean underwear.

Every mom's nightmare.

You bastard!


Oh no!

and the Sophie's Choice.

I'll spare your daughter, if
you officially proclaim me king.

by old ladies, you wad!

Pull it out!

â™ª â™ª

way!

To the pond where the sexy
wood nymphs may be.

â™ª â™ª

Malya you!

No!


That swing missed by at least a
foot.

â™ª â™ª



Why couldn't this have happened
to the kid from Eragon?

â™ª â™ª


They skipped the scene where Q
explains the sword.


Too bad he didn't remember he
could do this a minute ago

when that guy was decapitating
his mom.


percent sure yet sir,

but we think it may be the
sword in his face.


Gnawed his own hand off

instead of just pulling out the
arrow.

Find that boy on your lives.

Don't return without him.

I want him.

favorite flunky

and I that will not stand.

I want him.


Kid don't drag the barrel in
the dirt like that.

Your sword will jam.


No more lame family vacations
to Narnia.

For years the boy was to be
hunted.

Cromwell's assassins found not
a trace.

Tallon had simply vanished into
the void.

write that?

Years passed and rumors began
to rumble through the kingdom.

kingdoms, they love their girl
talk.

Who roamed trackless deserts,
mighty mountains and shining
seas.

and public library computers.

Who was once a buccaneer, a
slave, a rogue, a general.

Tallon!

plumber over here, stat!


Then just days before the
eleventh

anniversary of Cromwell's
victory over King Richard.

forgot to buy a gift.


Why do we stand here general?

I have a debt to pay.

station bathroom key.

Waiting for us at Maladon.

He can wait.

Murphy Brown.

Relax Darius.

I hope this isn't a mistake
general Lambosia might

lose his kingdom while we're
here.

Then we'll win it back!

the sad child of a

tragic backstory, grew up to be
a smug, pompous jagoff

â™ª â™ª

cover lady, is that you?

origin story for THIS guy.

Every character gets a twenty
minute origin story.

We're gonna be here a while.

from the midsts of legendry.

â™ª â™ª

(hissing sound)

you sir.

I've been summoned to carry a
message crucial

to the final conflict.

follow up interview

for American Apparel model.

(hissing sounds)

Pardon this intrusion older
master.

until after my campion?

Arrangements have been made to
crush Prince Michael's
rebellion.

And to deliver to Cromwell.

noticing.

For eight years I've been
submerged to the black sea to
heal

the wounds of Cromwell's
treasure.

"me time".


I shall conquer!

the corporate retreat?

It needs time.

The rise of the said fool.


Cromwell's power.

Cromwell's bride.

(Bill growls) And Cromwell's
flesh shall be mine!

defeated after confusing

the spell of hell fire with
the one that conjures egg rolls.


Poor guy.

But medieval themed birthday
parties

always draw a smaller turnout.


Spinal Tap is really far from
the stage.

â™ª â™ª

What do you want?


The generals have gathered in
the war room.

They await instructions and
plans for the final conflict.

You handle it.

in Rivendell.

It is imperative.

It is imperative that you obey
my orders!

If you wish to live.

nixon-agnew thing going on here.

Yes my lord.

throne crotch.

Tell Cromwell not to worry.
With him leading us we

will crush the rebellion and
capture Princess Alana.

Unless your information about
the rebels proves false.

voracity of Microsoft incarta?


I'm off to play mind maze.


Keeping our dead separate from
our water supply since 1109.

Take these orders.

will send word as

to where our rebellion will
begins.

Free us Prince Michael.


(wind howling)


Duke of NORM!


Quiet.

hunting.

Bring us a bucket.

slogan.


What?

If you are looking for work,
you've come to the right place.

Why is that?


Some are about to rebel.

What kind of a man are you?

I can't quite tell.

linguistics.

Go on.

He heh.

bookkeeper.

There are two bidders for your
swords.

King Cromwell the usurper.

Lord Michael the last
legitimate heir to the throne.

poppers coming anytime soon?

The people believe him and his
sister to be the rightful heirs.

really necessary around

the half blind syphilitic meat
heads?


All is set Micah.

Proceed as planned, tomorrow.

highlights.

Excellent.

Tomorrow the throne of the
damned shall belong to you.

It's legitimate heir.


It's ironic that the people
shall be damned.

They owe their freedom to
Cromwell's (indistinct).

They owe nothing my friend.

Justice is its own reward.

wa ha ha ha! I must go now.

You and I will have

no further contact.

It is no longer safe.

transportation sound?

You will be well rewarded for
this.

Thank you.

Your majesty.


a state trouper who lets you
off with a warning.


I'm low rent Eric Roberts.

â™ª â™ª


Take me Harry Knowles, take me.

Oh ho ho ho.


That's a risky move in lepers
alley.

don't want any boiled leather!

(door creaks)

keep that on.

My dinner wrap was not fresh.

Yes my Lord Micah.

The princess Alana is waiting
inside.

aware of your sister's name and
title.

It's good to see you sister.

Oh Micah!


Get a room at casterly Rock
you two!

You're late.

Now come and have a look.




We can access the hidden
creamsicle freezer.

Cromwell's Elizabeth is
partial to our cause.

She got this from Cromwell
himself.

With allies like these, how can
we lose?

contact.

All the neighboring kings
here..

Shh shhh.

Let us not.

I've just come from speaking
with Machelli.

The rebellion begins tomorrow.

Spread out here.

says every night

before getting hammered on
grain alcohol.

â™ª â™ª

the throne.

I can hardly believe it.

Tomorrow, I shall be king.

happens when you win at
checkers, pal.

And I'm not worthy of it.

The crown, belongs to the
people.


Spanish inquisition for

another two to three centuries.

Cromwell.

[Mike } No try again.

Cromwell well well well.

And I suppose there's only one
snake Cromwell.

Is that you Alana?


I was hoping.

here.

Go warn the others!

(sounds of swords swinging)


Everything..Oh!

Just going to say we needed
more candles.

sound of you warning the
others?

Ahhh!


Bury me on Tomb Island.

Pretty logical.

Your rebellion is OVER!


Can't imagine anyone would
choose to worship a king named
Micah.

unrestricted power

of an absolute monarchy huh?


said "your majesty" to me

sounded so genuine.



I take a left at the dog meat
shop, so right

at the orphan beating station.

Oh no!

wear my grappling hook.

â™ª â™ª

explosive diarrhea during the
shoot

like Harrison Ford did, she
could casually pull out a gun

and shoot these guys.

Now I poke you with my dagger
huh?

daggers with

a retractable plastic blade
from Party City.

Ha ha ha!

Ya got lucky with me outside
you did.

Cannonball Run really went

to Jamie Farr's head.

I'm going to mount you like
you've never been.

Mac OSX.

Oooh!

She's a wild one, this one!


Nut Shot humor or the lacking
of wit.

Hey take a tone movie!

Let's have a look at your boots.

farmer's market

for saying that to a kale
vendor.

No!

breastlike objects.

No!

No!

they're going with this.

That's a small threat.

That's a very small threat.


There's always time for a small
dick joke

in the midst of sexual assault.

Ha ha ha.

Go to hell movie!


I think my "sword" is bigger
than yours!

Ha ha ha!

Get it?

I'm really committing to the
dick joke thing.

Huh?Uh.


This reminds me of my family's
brutal murder.

Ha ha ha.


Tallon upskirt.

â™ª â™ª

malady.

I just sauntered over there
after hearing

your cries for help and
gradually decided to intervene.

But tell me how much did you
love

my joke about your attacker's
weiner?

I totally made it up on the
spot!


Stop shaking.

You're safe now.

my hair is, I'm obviously a
hero.


â™ª â™ª

Me lady.


Your brother was captured, by
Cromwell himself.

We have to get the word out.

No attack tomorrow.

messenger lice.


Grrr.

I hope you don't mind but the
only theme rooms

I have left are plague based.

don't say anything.

He still might take it.

Oh shh shh.

Dates.

No beef?

As you wish.

getting mule.

Just a leg or should I bring
the whole cow?

A leg will do.

Word is being passed.

telephone, we're

having a great time out there.

You were dying here to get some
no good wine.

I didn't bring you here to get
drunk.

Why did you bring me here?

dressing like Macklemore.

they like you or despise you,

you're gonna get the same meal.

Is your sword for hire?


I've got this ridiculously
stupid triple thing.

I would pay anything for it.

Well if the price is right, my
sword is yours.


Not so fast.

Oh but my sword is.

(guys groan)

Nothing in life is free.

First a task.

So what do you want?

A throat cut?



I want you to rescue my
brother.

And what am I to be paid?

Two hundred talons.


She's paying him in idol
contestants?

Not what I had in mind.

Five hundred talons.

crayon drawing of Donald Duck.

What does this mean?

â™ª â™ª

Alright.

Anything you want.

recovered from

that sexual assault ten minutes
ago.

So tell me where is this
brother of yours?

or something hmm?

He's in Cromwell's dungeons.

Now you want me to snatch your
brother from

the king's dungeons for one
night with you?

That's a slim bounty for such a
task.

You bastard!


Oh right.

Propositioned you right after
you were attacked.

Life with your brother for one
night with you.

I expect my bounty perfumed and
pretty.

caddies everytime I go golfing.

Malady, fifty more people
trapped in Skoal Cave

by King Cromwell's red tracking

Is there anything to do to help
them?

No malady.


Well we can't just sit by
while they're being butchered.

What about you?

Can you help us?


What do you take me for?

It's suicide.

Quiet Crackus.


He's risking his life as his
profession.

Risk?

Not throw away?

What's the matter?

Is your sword too small?


When they say swords they mean
penises!

Haven't paid enough for a
thousand such tasks.

I can't wait to bed you wench.

You raise my expectations.

just going

to be saying "boner!" over and
over.

First I want a taste of your
lips to send me to my grave.

big pervey Ivanhoe a smooch.


Where did you get your cologne?

Tomb Island or rocky crag
perched at

the far edge of the world?

Eeww.

â™ª â™ª

Brash hulk!

Who is he?

ME like that no more?

Well at least you won't have to
pay your uh debt.

He won't live to see the
sunrise.

tail party.



Our hero should arrive on the
scene in three to four weeks.

As soon as she agrees to be a
sex slave for life.

â™ª â™ª

dragon.

â™ª â™ª

Mel Brooks day players

feel from these guys.

(Kevin laughs)

Adventure looks on.

Come out and live.

Or stay and die!


I should hang with them.


You have five minutes to decide.

don't work at night

so we'll have to approximate
the length of time.

Your rebellion is over!

Your king has only down in
chains.

make him look pretty badass.

You heard the general.

Do we fight or surrender?

five minutes STEVE?

They're pouring oil.


It's like he wants me to stare
at his butt.


â™ª â™ª

he'll someday lose the lead

in Hercules the Legendary
Journeys to Kevin Sorbo.

â™ª â™ª

Arrghh!


It seemed like that came from
the wrong direction.


Get back there scum!

Stand by for torching!


Got loads of time.

Still for any babes?

Keep up the smoke.


chance at the throne

than the gang of Beloid.

the creme begin!

â™ª â™ª

This is your final test!

loo should calm things down.

Or go!

â™ª â™ª

gone flat, bro.

â™ª â™ª

Ahhhh!


How did he somehow pour two
thousand gallons of oil

in front of us without anyone
noticing?


Put me out!


God, you're so selfish.

â™ª â™ª


How many songs and stories are
written about the

noble hero looking on as the
opposing army burns to death in
agony

from his secretly poured fuel
oil.


for days!

Ah ha ha!

Everyone's going to recognize
him as a true heir.

of tone I hope.

Beach party surf song where
even a villain joins in the
chorus.

guys were in a cave.

But now I see you in the
daylight

and realize, man, you really
suck!

How did you plan to rescue Lord
Micah warrior?

Just get me into the castle and
I'll think of something.

act of burning men to death?


This will lead us into the
castle?

According to this map, it's
right into the dungeon.

my prize pig drew for me.

Give me a hand will you?

can walk twenty miles

to the iron workers hut maybe
he can help.

the gate?

â™ª â™ª

that, um, uh, a castle existed.

Evidently.

â™ª â™ª

experiment I was trying
something out.

It's coming off tonight okay?

â™ª â™ª

reservation at Castle,

it's our our only restaurant.

But it's not bad.

The fish menu is limited.

They do have a stuffed
flounder.

Oh God I'm so terrible at this.

â™ª â™ª

Now is that any way to treat
your husband to be?

few years,

throw his clothes in the front
yard,

and then get her groove back.

You're right Titus.

Take me my Lord.

buy me the stuffed flounder.

Titus.


Yes?

WHAT?

Tonight you will be my queen.

And soon, the queen of the
entire world.

And I will make love to you
like no other can.

With what?

who whines and covers his eyes.

Dang.

Love or not, you will be my
queen.

sequined jumpsuit

and sing Fat Bottom Girls.

â™ª â™ª

Nothing can force me to marry
you.

Not even the life of your
brother?


He gave me a lame yankee candle
for my last birthday

so have at him.

Yaah!

nut shot.

Nice.

Racking them up like an Adam
Sandler film.


These hipster pop up
restaurants are so annoying.

(clinking of dishes)

Ah!

He he he.

how great his job is,

and when he remembers he can't
contain his joy.

Your majesty?

Your majesty?

free burrito?

Elizabeth, this is no place for
you.

I've brought you some food and
wine.

coat!

Hungry indeed.

But not for food.

for food.

Golden Corral's newer slogan!

(Kevin laughs)

I was meant to be yours my king.

brushed me teeth.


Aaa!

Ha ha ha ha!

Leave us two alone.


I was gonna laugh again.

feathered hair!

Ahh!

So prince.

Are you going to tell me where
Zusia is?

What are you talking about?

Ah!

cover you with canola oil?

So she must be behind it.

He's the only one who can truly
challenge me.

grow a mustache?

So shall doest die, a thousand
years ago!

Ah!

fun doing this.

Cromwell just seems bitter.


Why?

It's no tale.

I've stalked him for Zusia for
ten years.

Watching for signs of his
devilish work.

Your kingdom?

kingdom!

You call yours is truly yours
Cromwell.


My god there is a demon in our
midst.

And he is the leader of your
cause.

Now you tell us where he is.

And save us all.

stand even closer.

Alright.

If I must lead this rebellion.

Very well.

farther away, see if that helps.

Must be some, a mentor or an
advisor perhaps.

There is no one!

He may not look like a demon,
in human form

he can look like anyone.

But the traces of a serpent in
his face.

There is a jackal in his eyes..

Car Willy?

You're mad.

â™ª â™ª

Perhaps.


Now they're getting along
working together, agreeing.


Guys you want to sing "oh wee
oh" to pass the time?

No takers?

they are

tremendous torch manufacturers.

and diseased ridden
incompetent,

but they produce a bright long
lasting torch.

price.

torches.

Available at Sears,
hardware locations.


Did we just witness the origin
of

I'm too old for this (bleep).


Save yourself.

I'll carry you, come on.


The grunting is too much.

You're on your own gross old
man!

It's the only way to the
dungeon.

Yes my lord.

Don't call me that.


Please, call me Chet.

How much further is it?

Hidden entrance into the
dungeon, only a little further.

haven't asked me

about my grandchildren.


How are your grandchildren?

barren.

What is it?

We're in here.


Is there?

Should I stop?

Who do you?

What time's

Is this the?

The meaning of life is?

Who shot the?

Where is the?




Did we piss off Willard?




Go invent a bunch of rat traps!

(crashing sounds)


This guy's a loser who happens
to stumble

upon open barrels of fuel oil.

(guys laugh)

that you?

trying to find Aerosmith.

You go first.

really matter because

the audience can't see
anything, so.



They're dry aging something in
here.

Perhaps we should wait for you
here.

To guard the escape.

You do that.


going through wall openings.

Quiet!

Want to get us caught?

There are guards everywhere!


Where are you going?

Or you'll die.

gulps!

Sets the tone for the gruesome
deaths to follow.

â™ª â™ª


Some sort of unseen fake
physical action!

â™ª â™ª

Ahh!


Going through a wall opening!

Hooray!

(all guys) Hooray! Yay!


YAY! (all guys)

â™ª â™ª

Ahhh!


Oh wait I'm sorry I meant, oh
ho ho ho.


Anyone want to get comically
stabbed or

maybe punched in the balls?

Aghhh!

â™ª â™ª


We have to get a better system!



This is the music I play when I
unclog a toilet

on the very first try.

â™ª â™ª

Warrior?


Or?

It's me Rodrigo.

What the devil are you doing
here?

Cromwell's men were waiting for
us at the sewer opening.

They intend to crucify us
during tomorrow's feast.

I should let them.

Teach you a lesson.

do the scourging beforehand.

Free everyone.

but sure I'll do it.

Which one of these cells holds
Micah?

None.

They took him to Cromwell's
torture chamber.

Poor Micah.

Formica.

Man does it make a great
countertop.

They're not animals to grovel.


I'm half goat!

Oh.

Thank you!

me I'm due to say "Its"

on a British comedy show.

I was once Cromwell's
architect.

After I built this castle.


I didn't ask for your life
story.

You built this place?

Oh yes!

They threw me in here five
years ago.


Get back in there!

The castle's secrets would
never be revealed.

What secrets?

Ohh.

Hidden passages.

Secret exits.

And more.


Oh the peep holes.

I want you to tell me all you
know.

Oh I will, I will.

becomes the main character,
please?

The dungeon guards are dead and
the prisoners are gone.

there's no mail today.

Elizabeth.

You wait here.

Trust me.

sword and sandal movie.

Trust me.

Kill everyone in the chamber,
now.

like to give that order

and not be laughed at.

â™ª â™ª

is the secret to her power.

â™ª â™ª


Let's get you out of here and
into my sex dungeon.

Angel.

Save your strength.

meant stench, save your stench.

No!


Missed your weiner by a mile!

Give me one more try.

Use it or put it away.

young man?


Will you stop offering me
Werthers you'll get us killed.


a daily man ass delivery.

horrible old man touch me!

architect.

You did it.

What did you expect?

I owe you one.

I owe you sister Roseme.

Now go before it's too late.


prostate!


Well get going!

I'll stay.

We get out together or we die
together.

Come on then.

â™ª â™ª


A music sting!

There they are!

â™ª â™ª


I'm the welcoming committee I
brought a fruit plate!

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª


He's powerless!

â™ª â™ª

swashbuckling hero when

your enemies are as effective
as uncoordinated garden slugs.

â™ª â™ª


I can't breath and I got a
compound fracture.

Ow!

â™ª â™ª

store.

Heh.

Oh wait those don't exist yet.

Dammit.

Oh I deserve that for my
terrible quip.

â™ª â™ª

Raiders of the Lost Ark) Hello!



shards in my lips.

I'd love to stay but..


â™ª â™ª


So now it's a whacky sexfest I
think it's just

about to turn into a
documentary about turtles.

Horsely looking so good.

â™ª â™ª

remote.

I accidentally turned it to
Cinemax.

Yah!

â™ª â™ª


His children wills starve!

â™ª â™ª


Yah!

for him

because um, he's uh, he's in
the movie.


women?

Oh bags of sheep testicles.


My spine is leaking fluids and
I can't feel anything below my
pelvis!

Ah.

burlap sack

in the basement of their castle.

â™ª â™ª


Ah ha ha!

Source of fire!

Time to brand somebody to
death, noble Tallon.

â™ª â™ª

catchphrase?

Aghhh.

â™ª â™ª

enemies if

they turned off that damn smoke
machine.

â™ª â™ª


Where can I find unlimited
storehouses of fuel oil?

I've got vague enemies to
roast?

Come on!

This way!


His walking foward, looking
smug theme.

Classic!


music.

Who dies first?

I'll be the first.

taxes so I might as well.

Because it's you or the IRS,
am I right?

Don't act as if you don't know
who I am.

Zusia, it's your old friend.

Cromwell.


But let's remind the audience,
they stopped paying attention.


I mean Nooo!

Now we'll see how our sorcerer
fairs!

Against cold steel.

I'm no sorcerer.

I don't really test your steel.

Old friend.


So can you help me move on
Saturday?

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª


Should have taken my Cialis.

â™ª â™ª


I could be your personal chef?

Uh?

Maid?

No?



The Minnesota Twins of royal
guards.


The guy was squishier than I
thought.



Actually doesn't happen to all
guys sometimes.

â™ª â™ª

Ahhhh!

fish!



Year One.

â™ª â™ª


No kicking in the upper pubis.

â™ª â™ª

two octogenarians

at the senior center.

trying to keep interested

but it's a losing battle.

Hah!

Ugh!

â™ª â™ª


Smells like skunk gas!

I surrender!

â™ª â™ª

turtles fight.

Not Ninja turtles, just
regular turtles.


(water splashing)


My Iphone's in my pocket!

How dare you!

You and!

Please!

Forgive me, your majesty.

There is a mistake.

Zusia is right.

This man's no sorcerer!

way out of a paper bag!

Zusia's cunning knows no bounds.

Have you forgotten what this
man has done to you?

You must be one of Zusia's
demons.

has and we all know that!

I mean no disrespect your
majesty.

I live only to serve the
greater glory of your name!



Cromwell.



Throw that guy in a volcano or
something would you?


Twenty ninety nine AD.

(rooster crows)

Nooo!

porcupine.

Easy my lord.

Your wounds must be cleansed.


says take the

suffering down by about ninety
percent.

What happened to Alana?

She is to be married to
Cromwell tonight.

Wang Chunging as well my lord.

And the warrior?

Is to be crucified.


suppositories back there!


I'm going tonight.


medicated of course!

We'll crush Cromwell, or die.

Go back into the castle?

Who us!


True sir, true.

brothel customer.

Mmmm.

Mmm.

Darius?

Darius?

likes what he sees.

Well did you find him?

King has him in chains.

Good god.

What did he do now?

Have him with one of the king's
sluts?

It's not clear, they're being
executed tonight.

about fifteen seconds.

Nope!

Done already!

Mmmm.

Go! (indistinct)

Check the outside for
stragglers.

there.

I feel we can't get to him
Darius.

There must be a way to the
castle.

We might all perish.

Then you will Philip, and we
all die.

Many a time Tony saved our
skins if you've forgotten.

I just think we need more men.

You got it!

Who are you?

Captain Morgan.


Looks different on the bottle.

How many are you.

We number only twenty, surely
not enough to aid you.

wig.

Half the seadogs in this port
owe their lives to him

Now go!

on you again.

(Kevin laughs)

See Phillip, you have so
little fame.

Now gather the men!



Look!

Look who just returned.

with my scrunchie, good!

Cromwell set you free?

No I was saved!

By who?

I know not, but he risked all
for me.

This savior, did he have a
gauntlet of steel?

underpants?

You know him?

Aye.

All too well.

Damn his heart.

He goes for a hint of beef ends
up rescuing a king's wench.


And forced us to fetch him.

He's been captured?

The lad will be crucified
tonight.


We can't let him die for us.

We must save him.

We will.

Let me go with you?


Sorry.

I know the way into castle.

Tell me the way.

I beg you,

let me lead you to him?

put on some shirts!

â™ª â™ª

Take a sword then.


I'll carry the stupid thing.

We should never have followed
that bitch in here.

Quiet!

It was those landlubbers that

threw us in this trap.

story point.

(Kevin laughs)

Until your lousy head falls
off.

If he's battling between us,
you be swimming in deserts!

When we get out of here I
intend to settle this.

Anyway you choose!


Threw a slipper at him!

Boy prison is rough.

(men cheering)


Using our own poop instead of
food!


his ring entrance

got lost along the way.

(men cheering)

my scalp today?

What's on your mind?

Tittidid.

lie.

Cromwell sends you a bargain.

Out of the goodness of his
heart.

Cromwell's goodness?

Silence you black dog!

song?

Now tell me who sent you to
invade this castle?

And I'll be merciful.

(indistinct chattering)


Good crowd tonight.

his slave ship food jokes.

â™ª â™ª

(woman whimpers)

real treat.

We do a little number together.

Staying Alive?

No!

These two have nothing to say!

So I cut out their tongues.

Now speak, while you still
have yours!


â™ª â™ª

Tell me who sent you here?

Or I'll skin her before your
very eyes.


Not the woman you'll have to
assume means a lot to me

for reasons you haven't been
told!


â™ª â™ª



They killed the lady who again
you'll just

have to fill it in yourself.

It's important to me you mostly
unknown character!


bald guy's back sweat.

Aggh!!

â™ª â™ª


The death of blast hard cheese.


everything to me.

Whoever I or she am.

You'll just have to go with me
on this!

â™ª â™ª

cafeteria will be

having taco Tuesday tonight.

It's build your own.

Mariachi music, little paper
Mexican hats.

Think you guys will really
enjoy it.

Heh.

Okay see you later.

I hear the four kings, one
thousand nights.

But only two can accompany
each king to the feast.

off screen.

Once we have assassinated
kings, Cromwell will exchange
his vows.

We can send out armies to sweep
across the continent

to consolidate our power.

camera at me?

I'm saying important things!

Thank you.

Geez.

Where's Cromwell?

muffler!

He is preoccupied.

He has given me charge of his
army until further notice.

Alexander Haig.

Let us finish with this.


I'm bored already.

General Thogan, my knights will
seal off the exits from the
feast.

No one will get out.

blanket on their head.

General Rombolt, when the
signal is given

my arches will kill everyone at
the feast.

wedding.

married.

You shall see to it.

That all the king's bodyguards
are dead,

before the assassinations begin.


What is the signal?

When Alana gives her vows.


That's dirty I think.

All the nobility, the king's
four empires,

wiped out, in one swoop.


Cromwell is a genius.

people call Neil Purt a genius.

â™ª â™ª

In three hours time one man
will control

the entire civilized world.

accumulated PTO?

â™ª â™ª

Their royal majesties!



â™ª â™ª

regrets.

He is going mad on a heath
somewhere.

(indistinct chattering).

renfests went commercial and

totally sold out to big mutton
man.


d' oeuvres over here?

this and says "Ha. Pussies".



Yeah we kind of guessed there's
a matching one.

Yep.

Thanks though.

(laughing and cheering)

diaper!

Ha ha ha!


It's one of those diaper grape
parties!

Ugh.



(indistinct chattering)

know he's being crucified?

wearing a wig!

Looks like him.

daquiri?!


played Magnum PI right?

Last I heard he was chief to
one of the black tribes.

Who began to overthrow some..

Throw their heads to Cromwell.

boycotts this movie.

There'd be no kingdoms at all
if it weren't for him.

They'd kill them all.

Let it be.


How do they feel about the
death of the blonde woman?

I must know!


this party

has no hope of getting crunk.

(drum sounds)

hurts already.

â™ª â™ª


You all enjoying our crucified
guy or what?!


Cromwell!

Cromwell!


Sorry, Cromwell!


called gaudy by Liberace.


Cromwell!


Cromwell!

public accountant sir.

hitched, dammit.

â™ª â™ª

entrance music

I requested for my future wife?

Where is Cherry Pie?


Accidentally put on my sexy
serving wench Halloween costume.

Instead of my wedding dress!

the spoons, could you stop?

Kind of ruining the mood.

Join hands.


(speaking Latin)

expeto, petronim,

ilta ute, artpay, farfegnigen.

666 imports.

(speaking Latin in background)

right angles before.

when producers

don't spring for a crucifixion
continuity guy!

has taken a dark turn this
season.

A dark but sexy turn!

Heh he he.


I think we got the wrong
address for the slave Leah
contest?

Who is here to help the
barbarian with the gauntlet of
steel?

Who are you?

Never mind.

The barbarian is to be killed
any moment.

We must save him.

Unlock this door wench and
leave that to us!

return the favor and

not slobber and paw at you.

â™ª â™ª


My weapon is devastating
sarcasm.

â™ª â™ª




One hell of a fight!

For Tallon!


The best damn claw for a bird
of prey ever!

Yeah!


Cool.

sword and get a thigh toning
workout.

photoshoot with Terry
Richardson.

Don't worry you little girl.

Heh.

It won't hurt until I hit the
bones.

Heh heh.

chiropractor said to me.

Including calling me little
girl.


â™ª â™ª

woman that I

who you don't really know,
apparently love.

Though you'd also be forgiven
for not knowing that at all!

In any case, vengeance!

should have stopped

pumping thing with his legs.

thighs to the bitter horrible
end.

Do you Titus Cromwell.




Your queen, the mother of your
children,


Sure as long as I don't have
to meet them.

Repeat after me.

torso is freezing.

want to tip their servers.

Do you, Alana, daughter of the
Lord, Mogolum, the last heir..

lousy thieves to talk to up
here?

Matthew was

reimagined by Quentin Taratino.

them to kiss

has got to be awkward with him
right there.

(priest speaking in background)

people who bought gifts

that weren't on the registry.

Agh!


(Kevin laughs)

Be your groom, your lover,

looked like by minute nineteen

of the best man's speech.

father of your children?

claim to be celibate.

â™ª â™ª


This is still better than
going to a wedding without an
open bar.

â™ª â™ª

can't be left, hanging.

Aggh!

bad luck if

the crucified guy asphyxiates
before the garter toss!

â™ª â™ª

tableside guac!

â™ª â™ª

thank you notes.



â™ª â™ª

at a Brazilian steakhouse.

Ahhhhhh!


really necessary?!


Benjamin Braddocks burst in

to try to stop the wedding.



Pretty much captures what it's
like to drink Captain Morgan.

his face cut off sounds

exactly like a champagne
corking.

Good to know.


That wasn't quip Dammit.

Get down here and rescue and
me!

(screaming, sound of swords)

and is escorted

from the theatre.

Small world your majesty.


No "What's stigmata you?"


dying horribly yet

the music suggests that the
smurfs

are going berry picking.

furiously calling the

crucifix rental company to

demanding at least a partial
cancel.

equivalent of this chaos is the

photo booth running out of
mustaches on sticks for people.

(indistinct yelling)

portion of the pot roast.

â™ª â™ª

watching

from your van.

But not being allowed to go
near them because

evidently yelling dragon then
eating all the

pizza is a jailable offense.



(sound of swords)

Moose lodge will not

be refunding the damage
deposit on this one.

â™ª â™ª


The bridesmaids want to take a
picture of themselves

doing the Charlie's Angels pose.

bowl suffered heavy casualties
that day.

â™ª â™ª


He pried a five inch railroad
spike out

of each hand forty seconds ago.

his hands weren't cerated

in multiple places, he'd really
be kicking ass.

â™ª â™ª


a cover shoot for a Man of War
album.

â™ª â™ª

birthday dear Cromwell

Happy birthday to you!


sword or something!

â™ª â™ª

dive into the pit of ye olde
Coachella.

And verily it was totally
sweet.

I put your army on alert.

They have seven days.

They await your presence.

Well that's quite a set up,
assuming something might go
wrong.

I live only to serve you, your
majesty.


With your army ready to stroke

We shall yet crush these rebel
dogs.


Just stabbed the Flash.

This won't take but a moment.

Man thou art the devil!


Ahhhh!



â™ª â™ª

girlfriend.

Is this your wedding or are
serving cafeteria fish sticks?

Hmm.

The rebellion is finally over.

Yes.

Let's get you to safety.

and...Oh my!

This is highly unorthodox.

Finish the dog!


a theatre for shouting that
during Old Yeller.

â™ª â™ª


It's those guys!

And they're getting those
other guys!

Yay!

(Kevin laughs)

You go off that!

Go!


First let me see if I can fit
this salami through your hand.


â™ª â™ª

bloodshed in this scene,

the music from a moment a
cartoon character discovers

the true meaning of Christmas.


A televised baci ball of
fitness.


dancing to Shout up there? Did
I?

doesn't seem quite

as creepy when Bouzer is doing
it.

(hissing sounds)

into the

reptile filled dungeon turned
out badly.

What are you doing?

We await Cromwell.

Why?

to get the word

Evil tattooed on my wang?

My. Micah.

Micah, He is dead.

inspired cheers

ever since Paranormal Activity.

No!

No!

The rebellion is dead.

I am the power!

Derkins asked for her hair back!

You can be part of it, or a
victim of it.

The choice is yours.

intriguing.


â™ª â™ª

how sexy your (gags)

Sorry just threw up.

I've wanted you for a long time.

You are the strength.

You are the power.


I met Jared from Subway.

You are wiser than I thought.

how many licks

it takes to get to the center
of Tootsie pop.

You've obeyed my every wish,
every command.

I'll always obey you.

Obey this!



Do you keep Pinnochio down
there or something?


See thou.

What I am truly am!

down!


Yeah the Giants kept the patch
kit in the dugout for

when this happened to Barry
Bonds.

this would happen if he didn't
stop.

You know.

Sorcerering his Sword.

â™ª â™ª

beds.

Graphic.

newer slogan.

â™ª â™ª

designed by Quar.


I would give anything for a
flashback

that shows him buying that wig.


vocal chords may have been
overkill.


Ah!


She's really a terminator.



Ahh!

betraying the

all powerful demon have
backfired?



I escaped!

Ha ha ha!

Oh maybe not.

â™ª â™ª

to be using that

wig anymore I've been thinking
of trying a new look.



You'd look fine in my crotch
to me.

Ahh! Ahhh!




â™ª â™ª

I have no quarrel with you.

great guy.

(Kevin laughs)

Out of my way.


Now it's a quarrel.

move he may also

have a quarrel with Darth
Vader lawyers.

don't have much of a plan here.

(high pitched noise)

devastated that he didn't

land the role of Tallon.

watching the scene at home
though.

to put up with

stuff like this when porco had
too much to drink.

going with this?

I see no cause.



This comes out of nowhere!

this big?


Well, thanks for taking care
of old grunty for me.

Is it just me, or was that guy
kind of a dick huh?

Heh heh.

Wise sword.

but I believe

he said "How in the name of God
are you still alive?!"

â™ª â™ª

(sword sounds)

projectile sword blade refills.

no run blood mascara.

â™ª â™ª

It is finished.


â™ª â™ª

Ahhh!


Hooray.

More swashbuckling adventure in
a land of fantasy.

with Olympic fencing gold
medalist

Charles Hatham for this scene.

Of course, he won in 1904 and
death was forty three years.

â™ª â™ª

down there trying

to do that to read the paper.

Hey keep your sparks up, they
really help me see better!

(swords sound)

the fights in Roadhouse

and said "Nah. Too graceful".


How could this happen?

My sword was forged from pure,
Mothrill?

Dammit.

â™ª â™ª


I have a hidden sword that I
wouldn't have needed

if the main sword wasn't
substantially weakened

by being hollow!

Aghh!

â™ª â™ª


My sword also has laughable
concealed technology

that wouldn't work for second
if you really think about it.

those switchblades

to reveal tiny cross bows
underneath.

â™ª â™ª

free minute, or



I guess her mix a lot law the
anaconda DID

want some ergo she has buns hon.

reaction to repeated

trick or treat disappointments.

â™ª â™ª




much wolverine by the way.

Yahhh!

â™ª â™ª

ought to tell you.

I'm not left handed.

You know I should have brought
that up here.

Who are you?

Tallon.

Son of Richard.

any of the countless

other Tallons out there.


Don't die.

I've got like nineteen more
blades hidden on me.

Christopher Walken won.

(woman screaming)

Aghhh!

â™ª â™ª


would be a very different movie

if little John did that to Sir
Hiss.

Aggh!

â™ª â™ª


My beautiful wickedness!

Uh intimidating but beautiful.

â™ª â™ª


What do you think about getting
me your butt double's phone
number?

â™ª â™ª

hands together

for the father daughter dance.

Folks?


Why was the main course
pharaoh?

Why would anyone eat pharaoh
when steak exists?

atmosphere when I sat

in the studio audience of The
George Lopez Show.



throne is

not as exciting as Jay Z and
Kanye made it seem.



Sentian crowns!

Why the long faces?

Good god, you've snatched the
kingdom!

some serfs!

Tallon!

Tallon!

Tallon!

chants from people waiting

for an Ihop to open.

Tallon!

Tallon!

Tallon!



You who got tortured.

And all that goes with it.

he ordered shocked everyone.

We have some business to attend
to?

That we do.

that snake touched right?

â™ª â™ª

disemboweled

but Tallon's doing something
roguish hooray!

So the debt's been paid hey
general?

Aye.


The debt.

Knew I came back here to do
something.

Be right back!

Now to Maladon!

To save Lamosta's kingdom!

with Gone, Buri-Gones.

â™ª â™ª


It's um, um.


fight back there.

Join up!

I want to ride with you.

course riding dirty!

Well then, let's be off.

â™ª â™ª

There's a battle in the
offing.

A kingdom to save and women to
love!

disease to contract and spread!

to rapidly festering spike
wounds.

anyone remember where we left
the boats?

â™ª â™ª


Lion King's about to start
guys.

â™ª â™ª

Empire was later

retitled, "Tallon and a
cancellation of his

next adventure due to massive
disinterest in his first
adventure"

to come across this

somewhere other than on our
site, please go to

Rifftrax so we can
keep doing what we do.

crucify you!

Well, your butt double!

Rifftrax.com.


â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

â™ª â™ª

[Music continues through end of
credits]

I's time for RiffTrax!

RiffTrax!

RiffTrax copyright by RiffTrax.
All rights reserved.

