ï»¿1
[MUSIC PLAYING]

YOUNG WOMAN: My god, look at
that thing.

ELDERLY WOMAN: It's beautiful.

YOUNG WOMAN: Yeah.

ELDERLY WOMAN: You know, it was
going to buy

me a ring for my anniversary.

A real?

No.

The fake one.


This is a rock.

YOUNG WOMAN: Yeah.

The rock that defied a country.

When the Brits took control of
Scotland in 1707,

they took control of all royal
Scottish jewels,

except for that scepter, you
see.

It vanished.

For 200 years it remained a
mystery,

until a minister in Tarenton
found

it buried under his church.

Can you imagine?

It's all in here.

Oh.

Would you like me to take a
picture?

You two with the rock.

All right.

Here's my camera.

Is that OK?

It's wonderful.

Yorkshire pudding.


Beautiful.

Oh, um, would you mind?

I'd like to take one with mine.

Smile.

And one more for good luck.

Beautiful.

Thank you so much.


Hey, guys.

How you doing, Ronnie?

RONNIE: I thought we had to send
a search party.

ANNOUNCER: Attention-- We'll be
closing in 5 minutes.

Please gather your belongings,
and make

your way to the nearest exit.

Oh, hello, chap.

Rubbish.



Badum bum bum, dum ch ch, hum
dum, tee, taa, dee dah.


[KEYBOARD CLICKING]

Psst.


Rise and shine, Columbo.


Kojak, you there?


[LASER SOUNDS]

[JACKHAMMER SOUNDS]


Ah!

I'm up.

I'm up, all right?

Welcome to the party.

We got dogs snapping at both
ends of the yard.

The bone is ready for taking.


Brooksy.

I had the dream again.

BROOKS: What dream?

You know, the one where I'm
driving on the road that

leads right into the ocean.

Cut the chatter.

KETCHUM: No, listen.

The car won't stop, right?

I try to turn.

Nothing.

Then I wake up just as I start
to go underwater.

So what do you think?

This grid is tight.

OK.

Let's do this.

Remember the sequence.

On my mark.

Come on.

Will you help me out here?

I mean, I really want to know.

What do you think?

You're afraid to get caught.

You see the danger, but there's
nothing you can do.

No, I'm not afraid of getting
caught.

If anything, I'm afraid of
drowning.

Lucky for you, you're a thief
and not a fisherman.

And what kind of help is that?

3-second intervals on my mark.

Hold it, prowler.


Hey, I thought you were there
for me man.

Clear.

Go in 3, 2, 1.



BROOKS: Smaller steps.

Hey, pocket protector.

You want to do this?

Go again in 3, 2, 1.



Better.

Now you're on your own.


[DRILL WHIRRING]








You're being robbed.

Look closer!


It's not working.



What the hell is going on?

Seal all available exits.

Sound the alarm but don't call
for backup.

Why not?

Just do it.

BROOKS: Shit!

Cover's blown.

Walk away.

Uh, I'm a little busy right.

BROOKS: Ketchum, let's go.

Come on, come on. Work, damn
it.

Lobby's crawling with cops.

Get the hell out of there.

Shit.


[SIREN WAILING]

[RUNNING FOOTSTEPS]

Whoa.

Oh boy.

Not good.



Oh, shit.


[TIRES SQUEALING]

[DOORS SLAMMING]

[RUNNING FOOTSTEPS]

[ENGING WHIRRING]

[SIREN WAILING]

[RUNNING FOOTSTEPS]






[HANDCUFFS CLICKING]




[MACHINE GUN CLACKING]

[WIRE UNRAVELING]


[RUNNING FOOTSTEPS]

[MACHINE GUN CLACKING]

[LIVELY JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING]

[DOG PANTING]


[DOG BARKING]





Come on, Capone.

Come on, baby.

Come on. KETCHUM: Who'd you
tell?


Ketchum.

you scared the crap out of me.


KETCHUM: Who did you tell?

What is this?

A joke?

SWAT coming out of the walls--
that's a joke.

A barrel of laughs.

Just tell me what happened.

Don't point that gun at my dog.

KETCHUM: The cops got tipped.

Brooks got popped.

And I've got nothing to show for
it.

Now you tell your side.

Brooks got popped?

Yeah.

That better not be loaded.

Somebody blabbed, and it wasn't
me.

That leaves you.

What's going on?

Nothing.

We're fine.

Make some coff-- why don't you
put some clothes on?

See we got company?

Scram!

Look, I like you, kid.

You're a good egg, but you work
for me.

KETCHUM: Hey, little guy.

You don't bust into my house--
You know something?

If your daddy--

BROOKS: --making stupid
accusations.

--doesn't start talking, your
brains

are going to get blown all over
the tile, isn't that right?

Put the dog down.

Oh, uh, I left mine at home.

Now, spill it.

Uno, dos, dos and a half--

he's too cute. That leaves you.

Maybe you should've checked the
clip, numb nuts.

Give me my fucking dog.

Come to me.

Get out of my fucking house.

Look, Brooks needs bail, OK?

Send him a puppy.

Hey, he got busted on your job.

Where's my merchandise? - It
was a zoo.

The cops got it.

Yeah, right. - Hey.

Then he's in the clear. - He's
not.

He's got priors.

It's going to cost about 750.

Look, I need about 300 from you,
OK?

What do I look like, the
Salvation Army?

Come on.

You know I'm good for it.

You know what you're good for?

Headaches.

Get out.

I'll walk him.

[DOG WHIMPERING]

That's a good boy.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

[DOOR BUZZING]

BROOKS: Where'd you get the
dough?

Uh, you don't want to know.

Newcastle.

KETCHUM: Hey, I know it stinks,
man.

I-- I didn't have a choice.

BROOKS: 300.

That's a lot of pennies.

He first in line?

Yeah, something like that.

BROOKS: Well, I got about half.

It's going to take me a while to
get yours.

Hey, I know where you live,
man.

BROOKS: [CHUCKLES]

By the way, I don't know if you
heard.

What?

I didn't get it out, man.

I had it, then I lost it, and--
and the cops picked it up.

I didn't hear shit on the
scanner.

It came out of thin air.

Newcastle said the leak came
from our side, you know?

He said he didn't tell anybody.

You believe him?

KETCHUM: He had a pretty good
game face.

I'm sorry.

You know what?

It might be better for me,
anyway.

No harm, no foul, right?

Yeah.

Cool.

We gotta get something quick.

You sure?

No.

You the man.

You the man.

She called a couple times when
you were, you know, gone,

asked how you were.

Hope you didn't call her back.

No.

Are you going to call her?

Hell, no.

You got to work up a defense
before you make that call.

Where's my scepter?

Guess you found the key under
the mat, huh?

Did you read tomorrow morning's
paper?

In the aftermath of the
break-in,

the police confirmed that an
antique Scottish scepter

was stolen with a value of over
$9 million.

Cops got it, huh?

Yeah, that's right.

What do you think they're
doing, keeping it hush-hush?

They're not going to auction it
off at the policeman's ball?

Maybe they weren't real cops.

What the fuck are you talking
about?

Real cops don't leave in the
middle of a bust.

So they're not real cops.

Maybe they're cartoon cops.

Is that what you're saying?

All I know is what I see.

First of all, the kid hasn't got
it.

Now the cops haven't got it.

Well, where the fuck is it?

You know, Brooksy, your ass got
popped.

He didn't.

Maybe he's stiffing the both of
us.

Maybe there's another crew
working out there.

But I'll find them.

I'll find whatever rat bastard
did this.

Maybe it's time you asked a few
questions,

like who set up the deal?

Where'd you get your scoop?

Bust his fucking leg. - Take
it easy.

Take it easy.

We can find a solution to this
problem, OK?

Without busting legs.

Give me my money, and I'll
leave.

I can get you half.

We can work off the rest.

You think I want to see you
fucking amateurs again?

I have an arraignment in three
days.

Is that another threat,
Brooksy?

It's a fact.

Look, we know you got something
cooking.

Who told you that?

Well, you're here, aren't you?

Come on, cut us in.

You can recoup your 300 out of
our share.

It's too big.

It's out of your league.

Nothing's out of our league.

I'll think about it.

Who's the lead?

Somebody you hate, but that's
not my problem.

Huh.

Daltrey.

Daltrey.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

I get sent down, you'd better
send me this shit [INAUDIBLE]..

Wait, you're not going down,
brah, all right?

BROOKS: This whole thing reeks.

KETCHUM: Yeah, but we know it.

[SHUTTER CLICKING]

That's a--

Oh!

Ho-ho-ho!

Oh!

Welcome to the asylum.

Look what the cat dragged in.

Still playing games, I see.

Oops.

You remember them?

Not really.

You want me to come with you?

Uh, give me a minute.

Maybe I'll scare them off.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

NEWCASTLE: You're late.

Lucky for you, so's the rest of
them.

BROOKS: Lucky us.

This the target?

Think I've seen this movie.

DALTREY: Baca Valley, 1988.

Lebanese government buys a fully
functional US printing

press, complete with official
papers,

and starts printing US green.

Looked just like the real thing.

The only problem was, they were
financed

by the bad guys, Syria.

They wanted to kill our economy
by oversaturating the dollar.

So now, the US treasury has new
plates,

makes better money, smarter
money, harder to counterfeit.

Yeah, but they're trying to
play a catch-up game, replacing

the old queer with new bills.

DALTREY: It's called serial
rotation.

Once a month, they dump a
truckload of new bills on a 747

and send it overseas.

And what's the take?

On average, $200, $300 million
per flight.

Seven players, eight figures
minimum, minus the money

you owe me.

Can you clean it?

I got a banker in Belgrade,
takes 20% off the top.

We bring the cash in, give him
our bank account numbers,

he pushes a few buttons.

It's all numbers.

Who's the crew?

DALTREY: My men, hand picked.

KETCHUM: Why do you need us?

I don't.

I'm being force fed.

NEWCASTLE: Daltrey runs the
show.

You don't like the way the game
is played, walk away.

You in or out?

Why not?

NEWCASTLE: So have you met this
package?

It's Daltrey's sister. SOPHIE:
Sophie.

Hey. - That's him.

That's him. Billy the Kid.

BILLY: Hey. What's up?

[INTERPOSING VOICES]

DALTREY: OK, this is really
heartwarming,

but enough already.

Let's get the freshmen caught up
so we can get to work.

Javier, Brooks.

All right, this job breaks down
into three parts--

getting on board, cracking the
cargo hold,

and offloading the take.

We'll start with the target, a
747-400.

Standard exterior construction,
no real advances.

But the guts are very special.

their personnel specs.

Now, the details are secondhand
at best.

However, during downtime, the
Fed

leases it out to a high-end
freight

outfit called Crown Couriers.

Priority one, we pay them a
visit.

Now, it's going to be at
Copperfield--

no lifts, just pictures and
data.

Winky, tell them what you got.

OK.

Data bank is on the west side,
fifth floor.

There's a main entrance, two
side doors.

They lead directly into an
interior stairwell.

There's no alarm, but there is
video surveillance.

And they have two night guards,
but they're fat.

Oh, and, uh, two big
Rottweilers.

Two what?

Uh, dogs-- big dogs.


Here you go.

That's right.

What's your name?

Precious?

Supper's on.

SOPHIE: Exit five, go right,
third door on your left.

DALTREY: Hopefully we get what
we need.

Daltrey.

DALTREY: Then we figure out how
to break into the vault.

BROOKS: 12-inch steel door,
fingerprint ID,

voice recognition.

Can't be faked.

If we voice recorders from
above,

record him during a system
check, and [INAUDIBLE]

for the print match. It's a
cake.

Could work.

Would get us to stage two.

10-digit serial alarm with a
code that changes every day.

Mm-hm.

Wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

Brooks, you designed a code
break for the Syracuse job,

correct?

We use that.

Yeah, but that was a single
task entry.

This is a multilayered system
with rotating inputs.

DALTREY: And your point is what?

Just make it work.

Did your mama slap him when you
were growing up?

DALTREY: Now, part two is
getting on board.

All transatlantic flights are
served out of the same kitchen.

Thankfully, Javier is set up in
food service.


JAVIER: Gracias, OK.

There's no way to get direct
access.

So it's got to be a [INAUDIBLE]
wait.

We'll pack two hot meals per
crew member.

Flight crew is usually between
two to four,

plus a couple career suits.

Usually means three carts per
flight.

It's a simple Trojan horse.

OK, OK, OK, OK.

Huh?

Come on.

Ready?

Oh, god. - Ooh.

I guess that's a yes.

Did anybody understand what he
said?

SÃ­, sÃ­. [SPANISH]

All right.

As for the rest of us, Ketchum,
I

hear you have some toys that
might come in handy.

Yeah, I'll arrange something.

Where'd you get it?

Old Tupolev, Tu-20.

Not exactly the same components
as a TEXASBOY713, but close.

This thing going to work?

I've never actually tried it
like this, but yeah.

It should work.

You might want to step back.

OK, Billy.

That won't happen, hopefully.

Well, if we decide to shoot it
out of the sky,

I think we're covered.

It's the first try.

Trust me.

Right?

So you guys bring supper?

And finally, offloading.

Now, we're anticipating two to
three pallets,

weighing up to 200 pounds each.

So breaking them down is
essential for the transfer.

A stack of $100 bills nine
inches high is $100,000.

Ten of them in a block about
this big is $1 million.

You'll probably get eight to 10
million in one duffel bag.

Take no more than you can carry.

If everything turns out all
right,

you disappear into the night
sky.

So Brooksy, what's the key?

What's going to make the
difference?

Trust, always trust.

Trust, huh?

Yeah, well, that's close, but
I'm going to have to disagree

with you on that one.

Desmodus rotundus-- anyone know
what that is?

Anyone?

No.

Hey, oh, you in the front.

Vampire bat.

Vampire bat, that's correct,
the invisible predator.

Their favorite target is
sleeping cattle.

They secrete a saliva that numbs
the cow's skin

and then gorge themselves.

Stomach full, the bad flies away
while the cow

sleeps on through the night.

That 747 is our cow.

And thanks to Mr. Newcastle, we
are the bat.

Invisibility-- that's the key to
this job.

KETCHUM: Twice, when Brooks and
I worked with your brother

about seven, eight years ago.

You don't remember us at all?

Why should I?

Common courtesy, you know?

I mean, when somebody says they
remember you, you--

you lie.

You say, oh, yeah, yeah.

Now I remember you.

So you never wanted to be a
normal girl?

I am normal.

No, I mean normal like
shopping,

boys, dating, instead of
cracking

safes and rolling marks.

I go out, you know.

I do things.

You do jobs.

I have friends.

You have accomplices.

You know what your problem is?

Your problem is, you've met too
many people

that are just like you.

See that?

No.

No, see what?

Go talk to her.

No, I can't. What do you-- what
do--

Yeah.

What do I say?

Tell her, [SPANISH].

Hey, what's happening here?

Just giving the kid some
pointers

to make time with a woman.

Checkmate.

What?

No, no, it's-- it's Spanish.

I haven't-- I-- I don't even
speak it.

Just open your wallet.

Seriously?

Good group.

Not bad.

You nervous?

Shit, yeah.

What did you always used to
tell me?

Expect nothing, get nothing.

Expect anything--

--and maybe you'll get lucky.

He did all right with Ketchum.

He's good.

He did it himself, just like
you.

Everybody loaded?

Hey, now, wait a minute.

[CORK POPS]

Oh, oh!

Good shot.

You know, I saved the best one.

Hopefully, in 48 hours, we'll
open

this one when we all meet, God
willing,

and make another toast.

This has been the best seed
money I've ever spent my life.

We're going to go down in
history.

I think that money is little
green pieces

of paper that always is looking
for a new home anyway.

So let's lighten Uncle Sam's
wallet, boys.

Here you go.

Bring it home.

Cheers.

[NEWCASTLE LAUGHS]

WOMAN (ON RADIO): 21042,
traffic's [INAUDIBLE]..

Tower 114.4--

[RADIO COMMUNICATIONS]

[MUSIC PLAYING]

2 hours.

Be sharp.

All right, you guys.

See on the other side.

Think green.

WOMAN (ON INTERCOM): At this
time,

I have cleared all standby
observers.

All standby observers


Time for the money run.

Yeah, got lucky in Vegas last
weekend.

Figured I better hide the
earnings

before Uncle Sam finds out.

MCCOY: Who's the skirt?

Rookie, first rotation.

I'm breaking her in.

You never give up, do you,
Matthewson?

Agent Blaze, Sergeant McCoy.

McCoy has been with me on, what,
the last six runs?

Yeah, about six.

Don't play him in cards or
introduce him to your sister.

Shouldn't we get these to the
vault?

Yeah, right.

Let's do it.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

Jorge, direct your cargo to
south terminal.

It's loaded up.

MAN 1 (ON RADIO): --to 160.

Proceed to heading--

MAN 2 (ON RADIO): --maintain
3,000.

Mr. Davids, excuse me.

Mr. Davids.

Shit.

Seems we've got a problem with
your flight plan.

You got a minute?

Sure, go ahead.

What's up?

[MUSIC PLAYING]

OK? You ready?

What?

I have to pee. - It's too late
now.

Two in position.

Excuse me.

Dan Caldwell, INS.

Are you the man in charge?

Yeah.

Do you have a Jorge Martinez
working for you?

Uh, what's this about?

Did you know that you're
employing an illegal immigrant,

one with falsified documents?

Are you serious?

Oh, yes.

Bring him here, please.

Yeah.

Uh, Jorge, come here, please.

Yeah?

This guy wants to talk to you
about something.

Yeah?

This is ridiculous, OK?

I filed it myself 10 days ago,
10.

Unfortunately, it's not in the
computers.

What exactly does that mean?

I've got this. I've got it.

If I can just get you to come
back inside,

we can restart the paperwork
and--

Wait, what?

You want to restart the
paperwork?

Is that what you're saying?

No, that's-- no, that is
bullshit, OK?

That's unacceptable to me.

This is your fuck-up, not ours.

Sir, I do not appreciate your
tone.

So if you would like to get off
the ground

in the next month, that-- - OK,
OK.

You want tone?

You want fucking tone? -
Gentlemen--

Tell me this. - Gentlemen--

Is this a commuter terminal?

That's all I want to know.

Gentlemen, please.

May I make a suggestion?

Did you or did you not lie on
your application?

Come on, boss.

Don't let him do this.

I work hard for you, you know.

I have three kids.

I need this job, please.

He really doesn't have anything

to do with this, now, does he?

[SPEAKING SPANISH]

Hold on to him.

[SPEAKING SPANISH]

I don't know what he's saying,
but it's not good.

[SPEAKING SPANISH]

I'm going to enjoy this.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

If you would do me a favor, I'm
going to have to make a report.

Now, it'd be great if you could
dig up

his whole employment history,
time cards, pay stubs,

everything you've got, OK?

I don't know what to say.

Oh, listen, don't worry about
it.

Sometimes, they just slip
through the cracks.

Get out of my sight.

What was that you called me?

Here you goo.

This way, you have something to
file as a flight plan,

and we can make our meeting on
time.

Well, it's not exactly
procedure,

but, uh, I'll get you out of
here in an hour.

Great.

Hey, and thanks for your
patience.

My pleasure.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

MAN (ON RADIO): Falcon 269,
contact tower at 2391.

Falcon 269, contact tower at
2391.

Hey, answer him.

What do I say?

Improvise.

Yeah, this is Falcon.

What's your 20? We copy.

Over.

You're cleared for takeoff on
six.

What's your status?

We're, uh, executing a second
pre-flight.

We got some late passengers to
the party.

Uh, Please hold our position.

Over.

Roger, Falcon.

Contact tower at 2391 for
clearance.

WOMAN: Matthewson, Jerry Lee.

Verify.

Santiago 911.

WOMAN: ID confirmed.

Input code.

Vault closed, lock sequence
initiated.

Reentry set for Geneva at 0400
Greenwich Mean.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

Ah, gentlemen.

Beautiful day for it, huh?

Yep.

Should be smooth sailing today.

If you guys need anything, just
holler.

Yeah, will do.

OK.

Let's go, huh?

All right, Jav. Get us in the
air.

We're behind schedule. Lock it
down.

OK.

WOMAN (ON RADIO): Heavy 505,
turn left, heading 363.

Proceed to CHI runway two for
clearance.

CAPTAIN (ON RADIO): Copy, tower.

505 out.

MAN (ON RADIO): Falcon 269, turn
left, heading 275,

for taxi three.

JAVIER (ON RADIO): Falcon 269
proceeding to [INAUDIBLE],,

heading 275 degrees.

MAN (ON RADIO): Falcon 269,
inbound traffic.

Hold, PHC6.

Falcon 269, number two for
departure.

JAVIER: Copy that.

269 holding.

You feel all right?

I'm not so good in small
planes.

Wow.

It's a good thing you're a
thief, not a pilot.

Flight controls.

CAPTAIN: Check.

Flaps set.

Come in, tower.

505, we're ready for takeoff.

WOMAN (ON RADIO): Heavy 505,
cleared on PHI runway three.

Take care.

CAPTAIN (ON RADIO): Thank you,
tower.

505 out.

[ENGINES STARTING]

CAPTAIN: This is Captain Miller
from the flight deck,

just wanting to welcome you
aboard.

We have a nice tailwind.

We should make Geneva ahead of
schedule.

So if there's anything we can do
from up here, just let us know.

How do you like it so far?

It's fine.

Ah.

Well, pace yourself.

It's a long flight.

I always save my paperwork for
the last leg.

Boeing 747, queen of the skies.

You know how much one of these
cost when they

first started building them?

No.

Well, guess.

$160 million.

Do you know the most number of
people they ever stuffed

into one of these things was?

Guess.

687 Ethiopian refugees.

It landed with three more than
it took off with.

Guess how.

Three babies who were born
during the flight.

Wow, that's some noodle you got
there.

Did you know that there are more
747s in use

around the world than any other
aircraft?

In fact, if you counted the
number--

I'm going to get some coffee.

You want some?

Yeah, that sounds good.

No, stay.

I'll bring it back.

Are you sure?

Yeah, it's no problem.

Please, stay.

All right.

Now, did you know that some of
these babies

have quadruple redundancy?

Here you go.

Thanks.

I'll see you back out front.

Thanks.

CAPTAIN (ON RADIO): Treasury 505
requesting secure link.

Level at 37,000, 460 knots.

Out.

You get anything?

It's weak.

But I got him.

DALTREY: Bill, get him up.

Brooks.

Ketchum, let's go.

He does that.

Come on, Ketchum.

Let's go.

Freeze! Police!

Don't move!

Come in, Sparrow.

This is Raven.

Do you copy?

Uh, yeah, we copy.

What's your status?

I'm freezing.

How about job status?

SOPHIE (ON RADIO): Patching in.

Ready in five. - OK, we copy.

Well, here we are again.

Never would've guessed.

Feels right, though, doesn't
it?

Yeah, it does.

I need to get up and stretch my
legs, use the head.

You got it?

Yeah, I got it.

Hey, how about some of those
snack packs?

Yeah, that's just what you
need.

TCAS deactivated.

You're good for approach.

Copy that.

We're invisible.

All right, Ketchum.

You're up.

Sparrow, initiate gear.

This better work.

[ALARM BEEPING]

She doesn't like that.

Is turbulence always this bad?

This isn't turbulence.

What do we got?

The landing gear's deployed.

I can't get it back.

Let's get her down.

Are we going to close the gap?

Let's wait till [INAUDIBLE].

It's no good.

Magnets aren't responding.

Power down another 5%.

We'll level at 10.

DALTREY: Target one mile out.

All right, Jav.

Even us out.

CAPTAIN: Leveling at 10.

Try to retract again.

Still not responding.

All right, nice and easy.

JAVIER: Decompressing.

CAPTAIN: We're going have to
override the system manually.

See what you can find. - Stand
by.

JAVIER: Hold on.

We're heading into the jet
stream.

1,100 feet.

What can I do?

Back off flap.

OK, releasing flap.

Oh, crap!

Hold back!

Talk to me. Talk to me.

COPILOT: Hang on. Hang on.

It's here. Loading carriage
systems.

OK, I got it.

Lower level, center section,
stringer.

I'll radio center. Take the
handheld.

COPILOT: Got it.

Load it, center.

This is Treasury 505.

We have mechanical failure in
our landing gear.

Request assistance at priority
clearance.

That's as close as you get.

Come on, do it now. - All right,
Bill.

Get the door.

Blast again. - Proceed.

Lock me in.

Hurry up.

Hold her steady.

Fire in the hole!

We're locked in.

Jav, keep the angle.

Son of a bitch.

Ketchum, come on.

Get out there.

Go!

What? - Hey, man.

What's your problem?

Get out there!

You still with Central?

Ask if the jack leg and bogey
motors are sequential,

and can I shut them both down at
once?

All right, let's do it.

Better work.

See you on the other side!

Holy shit!

It's working!


Circuitry's fried.

I can't get power to initiate
retraction.

What if you switch to hydraulic

feeds from the Kruger gates,
reroute

the juice to the landing gear?

It's worth a try.

We're on [INAUDIBLE]!

Grab my hand!

It worked!

Are you OK?

Yeah.

Shit, they're rerouting power.

Let's go.

We're losing fuel fast.

bitch.

Hold the pulley.

Come on!

Two across.

Go, three.

This is crazy.

This is crazy.

Hold on.

I think I got it.

Shit.

They're going manual. KETCHUM:
What's that mean?

SOPHIE: The landing gear is
going to come back up.

How long?

DALTREY: Let's go, Billy. Move
out.

SOPHIE: No, wait, Daltrey, the
landing gear is coming back up.

Let's go, Billy. SOPHIE: Don't!

There's not enough time. - Come
on, Billy.

You got to move out. Let's go
now.

Leave him! Don't risk it!

DALTREY: Come on, Bill.

MAN (ON RADIO): Treasury 505,
London--

Hold on, London.

We may have solved the problem.

SOPHIE: Shit, they got it. It's
moving.

BROOKS: Turn back now. - Shut
up!

Come on, Billy, you can make it.
Let's go!

BROOKS: Don't, Billy. Go back.

What the hell's he doing, man?

Shit, he's coming back down.


Look out!

Cable!

Cut it loose, man!

Cut it loose, quickly, now!

Come on!

[ALARM BLARING]

Jesus.

Shit.

What the hell was Billy doing?

I don't know.

BROOKS: Shit is rotten.

Never learned anything, did you,
Daltrey?

DALTREY: Let it go, Brooksy.

You get greedy.

You lose focus.

And someone is going to get
hurt!

Don't fucking lecture me.

I did what I had to do.

Yeah, you killed him.

OK, OK, back off.

He had the voice recorders and
half the money bags,

you get it?

Huh?

It's always got to be your way,
Brooks' law.

You've even got your little
monkey trained to your tune.

Daltrey.

What?

You lost your edge.

You guys pay for the added
excitement?

Everything OK, sir?

Yeah, we're 100%.

We're good.

What caused the problem?

Static electricity.

We're not going to know till we
get on the ground.

Agent Matthewson, you look a
little shaken up.

Me?

No, no, no problem, yeah.

COPILOT: Good.

Like a rock.

Uh, Captain, sir, one thing.

We're going to be able to get
that landing

gear down again, right?

We might have to go in on our
belly.

No, we'll be OK. - Oh, OK.

Yeah.

CAPTAIN (ON RADIO): Indicators
are clear.

Request direct to Geneva.

Thank you, London.

505 out.

Oh, shit.

Nice work.

Let's get her back up.

BROOKS: What's missing?

Half of our batteries, CO2
cartridges.

Computer's fried.

Shit.

We lost our cable.

Well, it's not going to matter
much if we

can't break into the vault.

We take it by force.

Bring the treasury suits down to
the vault,

get them to open it, and then
lock them inside.

They'll trigger the silent
alarm.

The pilots will take her right
down.

And there's no way we can
offload in time.

Every alarm has a soft spot,
human response.

Take a house alarm.

You open a window.

The alarm goes off.

What do you do?

You check it out, turn off the
alarm.

And then when you reset that
alarm,

if the window isn't shut, it
isn't activated.

We're going to trigger the
alarm ourselves?

Can you hack into the system?

Find the right wires.

Wait a minute.

This isn't a house.

This is a vault with one door
and no windows.

So we make one.

How do you even know this is
going to work?

You don't.

You just got to trust.

Now, how long will you have to
drill?

As long as it takes for them to
walk from the cabin

to the vault. It's three, four
minutes, tops.

Your surveillance still
operational?

Yeah.

Where do you want your window?

I don't know.

Ketchum.

Follow me.

That battery is never going to
last.

Steel is an inch thick.

Who said anything about using
batteries?

Hydraulics.

We're going to plug right into
the ship's hydraulics.

Yeah, if we can find them.

You run the show.

Yeah.

Oh, thanks for those.

My calves are freezing
together.

Here.

This.

What's that?

Canela.

What?

Canela, cinnamon, whatever.

It helps.

Thanks.

All right.

OK.

Over there.

Actuator's over there.

Don't forget to turn off the
valve on the right, OK?

Before you hook up.

Come on.

[ELECTRONIC BEEPING]

Shit.

This stuff is leaking
everywhere.

KETCHUM: What are you doing,
man?

I turned off the valve.

You said the right valve.

Oh, shit!

KETCHUM: The right tank valve,
the right tank valve.

DALTREY: OK, there's two valves.

Which one, the top or the
bottom?

Your hand's on it.

DALTREY: This-- all right.

You said the freaking right
valve--

OK, that did it.

That got it.

Juicy.

Let's see what you got.

All right, kids.

Is everybody ready?

In position, ready to roll.

I said, on my command, go.

They're not responding.

DALTREY: Give them a minute.

Come on, come on.

Oh, baby.

Suck on that.

I'm going to the kitchen.

You want something?

Maybe a tissue for your tears?

No?

All right.

Hey, your terminal's acting
weird.

Wait.

Hold it.

REBECCA: Agent Matthewson.

Matthewson!

Huh?

We have a breach warning.

Just, uh, try resetting the
system.

Well, shouldn't we check it
out?

Turbulence probably just
knocked a vault sensor loose.

Just reset it.

See?

Damn.

I got to hit it again.

Again?

No.

No, that's too risky.

BROOKS: We don't have a choice.

Brooks, if they know we're
here, it's over.

One more try.

OK.

OK, do it.

All right, what's happening?

They're not responding.

Wait.

Hold it.

It's working.

Wait till it shuts down.

Matthewson, it is procedure to
do a visual inspection

of the vault and then reset.

Inspect what?

It's only money.

You're right.

I'm probably just a worrywart.

I just thought it might be nice
to stretch our legs.

And you can show me how to do
that vault

entry sequence again.

Well, I could stretch my legs.

Great.

Go, go, go!

[MUSIC PLAYING]

Switch.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

So Matthewson, you train all
the new agents?

Yes.

Yeah, absolutely.

They just passed me.

Daltrey, stop it.

So how's the home life?

Settling in OK?

CAPTAIN (ON RADIO): Matthewson,
Jerry Lee.

Santiago 911.

Stop cutting!

KETCHUM: Daltrey, stop!

I got it!

I got it!

SOPHIE: Stop cutting!

WOMAN: Input code.

You'll have one of your own.

Yeah, they gave me one.

Oh, good.

Yeah.

[FAINT DRILLING]

MATTHEWSON: Everything seems to
be in order.

See, probably just a loose
sensor wire.

I guess you're right.

So you want me to show you that
sequence again?

Sure.

After you.

She's all yours, if you want it.

Really?

Yeah.

WOMAN: Blaze, Rebecca.

Verify.

Rosemary 137.

WOMAN: ID confirmed.

Alarm reactivated.

How much do you think?

Probably 250 million.

Give or take a couple hundred
thousand.

Let's get to work.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

We need to find some cable.

SOPHIE: I'll come with you.

Hey, Brooksy, do me a favor.

Make me a promise just this one
time.

I don't make promises.

Listen, stay away from Daltrey,
OK?

He's packing.

This guy never changes.

Guess that seals the deal.

Not to mention Bill's tattoo.

BROOKS: What do you mean?

KETCHUM: Let's just say I met
him before.


Sophie too?

I don't think so.

Newcastle's a prick, but he's
got scruples.

So what do you want to do?

I don't know.

So we need to change the plan.

The plan is the plan.

It doesn't change.

We wouldn't even be in the
vault if it wasn't for them.

Excuse me?

I'm just saying, you know, they
earned their take.

Lock everything down.

We're heading back.

Once we blow the hatch, we'll
probably have about 15 minutes.

After the money's down, Sophie
will go first.

I'll go second.

And you guys can follow.

One of us goes second.

Yeah, Billy's gone.

It's a new deal.

That's not what we planned.

Well, that's the way it's got
to be.

What happened to all that trust
you were preaching?

It stays with the money.

All right, fine.

Suit up.

Sparrow, this is Raven.

Do you copy?

JAVIER: Go.

DALTREY: Prepare for transfer.

Copy that.

Hold on to your knickers.

We've got decompression in the
hold.

Descending to 10,000.

Come in, center.

Treasury 505.

We have cabin depressurization.

Center, 10,000 feet.

Repeat, this is Treasury 505.

Ready?

Yeah.


Copy that.

I need to get into the vault.

I'll go.

Whoa.

We'll all go.

OK, let's do this.

Keep it tight.

Come on.

All right, on three.

1, 2, 3.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

[ALARM BLARING]

All right, pressure's
equalizing.

Hold at 10.

Check.

Let's go! Let's go!

Keep it moving!

[MUSIC PLAYING]

Come on. - Move left!

Move left!

OK, OK, OK, OK.


JAVIER: Come on, Winky.

Yes!

I got it, Jav!

Whoo-hoo! Send them!

Let's go!

JAVIER: Come in, Raven.

This is Sparrow.

Docked in, ready for transfer.

Go, go, go!

OK, come on!

WOMAN: Blaze, Rebecca.

Verify.

Rosemary 13 7.

WOMAN: Input code.

All right, here. Let me try.

Let me try.

Damn it!

Well, can you break it down?

Short ram.

Go.

Oh!

Ha.

Yeah-ha-ha!

Listen, I love ya!

Whoo-hoo-hoo!

WINKLER: Ha-ha!

We're rich!

Winky, we're rich! WINKLER:
Ha-ha-ha!

Ha-ha-ha!

Copy that.

Pressures' coming back.

Is it safe in there?

Depends on what's on the other
side.

Y'all might want to step back.

They're here!

Keep moving the bags!

Keep moving them!

All right, keep moving the
money!

Yeah, keep it moving!

Let me in.

Let me in there.

Drop the bag!

How original.

Did you think this up all by
yourself,

or did Newcastle walk you
through it?

Drop it!

All right, Sophie, clip on.

You're first.

Sophie?

Let her make up her own mind.

Shut up!

Sophie.

Damn.

Don't fucking move!

KETCHUM: Just relax.

I got to pay up, OK?

I lost a bet.

You were right, man.

I really thought I was growing
on her.

Yeah, you got to watch out for
those women.

Hey, shut up!

Brooks!

What are you doing?

I'm not going in there with
just a smile.

You fucking idiot!

What is wrong with you?

Let go!

What-- ah!

Come here!

No!

Stop it!

Stop it!

We have to get out of here.

Oh my god!

Daltrey, don't!


Get off!

What the hell's going on?

SOPHIE: Daltrey, what are you
doing?

Stop already!

It's over!

It's done!

Daltrey, no!

Daltrey, what the hell are you
doing?

DALTREY: Shut up!

[MUSIC PLAYING]

What the fuck is this, man?

Fuck!

It's only money, huh?

What the fuck?

[MUSIC PLAYING]

Where's the van?

I told them to circle.

[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]

No, go home.

I've had it.

Daltrey.

What is your problem?

He's a fucking bum.

Where's the van?

I told him to circle.

Hey, just-- just take that.

Oh, bless you. - Yeah, there
you go.

Hey!

Turn up the heat.

You look like shit.

You weren't going to go anywhere
without me, were you?

How's it feel to be
millionaires?

Where are the boys?

Javier's getting the van.

They didn't make it.

Things got bumpy.

Bumpy?

What do you mean, bumpy?

I'll tell you later.

SOPHIE: There's the van.

[POLICE SIRENS]

Javier!

Javier!

NEWCASTLE: Don't move.

If they wanted us, we'd be in
cuffs right now.

It's a bomb threat.

WINKLER: There's Jav. There's
Jav.

Let's go.

[MUSIC PLAYING]

What the fuck was that, huh? -
Come on, come on.

Cops everywhere, like

Come on, guys.

All I'm saying is, next time,
pick someplace more remote.

Next time is next time.

Hey, Rio Bravo, lose the gun.

Metal detector.

Let's go. Let's go.

Let's go.

[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]

How are you, my friend?

Good.

What's happening here?

Oh, no problem.

We have a slight delay.

There's maybe a bomb threat.

NEWCASTLE: Bomb threat? - It's
no good.

The heat'll be here any minute.

Let's get out of here, come back
when the place is clean.

We've got the time.

[POLICE SIRENS]

We'll be back, an hour and a
half or so.

You know, it's probably just a
joke.

Too many crazy people around.

Joke, yeah.

Yeah.

[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]

Oh, god.

I hate cops.

Let's just keep moving.

Keep moving.

[ELECTRONIC BEEPING]

[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]

All right, what is that? what
is that?

Winky, why the hell are these
things beeping?

I don't know. - Just turn it
off.

Turn it off!

[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]

NEWCASTLE: The cell phone.

[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]

No, no!

Whoa, whoa, whoa!

What'd he say?

What'd he say?

Drop the case!

Put your hands in the air now!

Now!

What?

All right, all right.

OFFICER: Everyone out, now!

Move it!

Yes.

It was you.

It's him.

You did this.

Me? Let's go.

It's this guy!

I do what?

You did this, you little
cocksucker!

Shut up!

OFFICER: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]

DALTREY: It's-- it's not a bomb.

It's-- it's my money, my money.

It's a joke.

Sophie, where we go?

What do we do?

Just disappear.

Come on, let's go.

It's a joke!


We're being hustled.

Two bomb threats in an hour?
This is bullshit.

We're being hustled.

It's a good thing nobody
understands what you're saying.

Just ride it out.

Ride it out.

It's really not a problem, OK?

Hey, who's fucking talking to
you?

[POLICE SIRENS]

What's taking so long?

Shut up.

There's no bomb.

There's no bomb.

I shouldn't be here by now.

There's our goods.

All right, what do we do?

Hm, what are they doing?

We're just going to stand here?

This is crap.

NEWCASTLE: I'm not going to tell
you again.

What do we do? - We've been
had.

Ah, shit.

Hey!

That's not money!

That's my money!


It's my body, my money!

Ah.

What--

What? No, go home.

Go home.

WINKLER: Daltrey.

SOPHIE: What is your problem? -
What?

He's a fucking bum.

DALTREY: Winky, why the hell are
these things beeping?

WINKLER: I don't know.

It's a bomb!

NEWCASTLE: There's our goods.

DALTREY: What do we do?

NEWCASTLE: We've been had.

Go slow.

You know what I know?

That you, spider Billy, took my
scepter.

You've been treed.


Didn't you tell me once it's
not polite to forget people?

It's not polite to point,
either.

I thought you were dead.

Your brother's a lousy shot.

How much did you blow?

Whatever we couldn't carry.

Splits up nicely, then.

Are we done?

What are you waiting for?

You sure you're done?

Hey.

Do you, uh-- do you want a ride?

[MUSIC PLAYING]

