Unknown: swift was being
satirical. Right? And that that

is very different than if they
were being ironic. But satire is

not to be confused with

irony.

Now, can anybody give me an
example of the ladder? Can

anyone give me an example of
irony?

Terrific. Oh, Helen, what a
surprise. The alum from the

character development program,
did he?

Yes.

So,

no, no,

no, no. isn't really support
your point. Can anybody help

Helen out for I fail her?

kill myself.

What I think Ellen's trying to
say is

Hello, hi there. You know,
there's this fantastic but a

protocol that students really
for generations have been

enjoying that looks a little
something like

well, Hi, Mr. Long. Do you have
a yes. I think what Helens

trying to say is that it's
ironic that we had a

motivational speaker professing
his happiness that didn't seem

very happy. Hmm. I mean, what
was the budget for this thing?

10 bucks now. cafeteria lunch.

I didn't realize we were an AP
open mic. Alright. Well, barring

your last comment. Your point is
that the speaker's demeanor was

ironic, but not so much a speech
is that right? I mean, they both

have to exist in order to create
the irony, but I also take issue

with the speech itself. Okay. So
I mean, life isn't rainy and

then sunny. It's happy than it's
sad. Just nature birth to death.

God, you should have been born
in France.

Little cammo. And that's an
awfully bleak view, don't you

think? For someone who's only 17
years old? I mean, really. I for

one would like to hear that life
view in full if possible at an

assembly and given that our
character development program is

nominating for people. This
semester. I'm going to nominate

you as a representative for the
senior class.

Mr. Angelo, I was just trying to
help Helen out why don't you

just make her do it? I actually
happen to appreciate your life

perspective and would love to
hear it. It's just I'm the last

person that should be doing
while you're doing it. Awesome.

Okay, and that was sarcasm.

Which you don't really have time
for but we'll get to next week.

How's class?

Think Angelo thinks I think

he's just like that. I don't
last year he's making me a

motivational speech thing. can
maybe does. But look, I got drum

team later today we're doing
these auditions so I won't be

able to drag them into late say
430. Ladies. You know what? You

should come audition for the
team next time. Bright lights

and audience all the attention
you ever wanted might be fun.

Really? No. Tell me again. Why
you have to audition for a club.

Norman. It's not a club. It's a
team we compete to get leather

jackets.

So can it be today

you

Sure, we'd love for you to play
with us.

Okay, cool.

I'm sorry. I was just being
ironic.

Zima

Hey, pops.

Are you doing

Dr. Malloy call back the lab
stuff? Oh, no, at least at least

another day or

so.

Right. I got in trouble with the
English teacher, Mr. Snyder.

What? Oh, no, that was last
year. Really? Yeah. Did you see

this letter? Probably not. They
all kind of look the same to me.

Well, this one has big red
letters on it.

So third notice from the phone
company, they're going to shut

us off. Apparently, when?
Supposedly yesterday.

Oh, who needs a phone anyway?

I'll take care of it. I will

worry one little bit.

There was something missing.

JOHN. All right. So almost done.

Is it true?

The back then, men and women
slept in different beds for like

married men and women?

Well, no. And the truth is that
back then man had a very, very

long penises, and they had to
sleep in separate beds.

We still didn't have the one
thing that could give us a

better way of life.

Why, Norman? Can I talk to you
for a sec? Yeah, yeah. I just

wanted to

apologize if I was rude in class
the other day and

yet With that said,

You know, I appreciate that.
Honestly. Oh. Good news, your

your nomination as official
senior speaker went through? Oh,

yeah. But I was sort of hoping
that I wouldn't have to do it.

You know, of course you have to,
but I just apologized.

Norman my signing of that speech
wasn't a punishment of had

nothing to do with you being
rude. I mean, I genuinely liked

your perspective. Okay, but you
heard it I mean, that's it.

That's that's as good as it
gets. I got nothing else to

give. Yeah, I don't know. I I
have a kind of a hard time

believing that.

Okay.

It's gonna be great. Thanks,

guys.

I'm really late. Sorry.

Thanks for helping me pick up my
books like Gee, you're welcome

when girl. Hey, you're hot. We
should date

I forgot to say thanks.

I'd rather slit my wrists and go
in there James. So you really

just gonna sit out here and wait
for me to drive home.

I hope to change mine.

Have fun

Hey,

My name is James. I'm the senior
class captain of the drama team

this year.

Now, if you're not here for
society of Thespians, you're in

the wrong place if you're here
for a society of lesbians. My

mother's book club meets on
Tuesdays.

The first step, the new student
in our midst, the lovely Emily

Harris.

Know Me

it's called here's what I like
about acting so much

for acting America by Gilda von
Trapp, aged eight, eight.

Acting is fine. It's cool fades
lights are hot, but that's okay.

You're supposed to spend a lot
that's when my mom says she

knows that daddy's doing a
really good job. Sometimes when

it's really dark and quiet and
I'm all alone.

Except for my imaginary friend
Rita and her imaginary dog

witness in his magical offering
up I like to pretend that I'm

somebody else and that's why I
like acting because it makes me

feel free and that's what
America is all about is being

free and that's why I'm applying
to acting America because they

both stand for free

you could call it free free

awesome

yeah, no thank you. Thank you
Emily.

Next stuff we have coming is
masky

that Polish

Hey

will continue to boil in your
house by the sea

All right. Next up we have Helen
black.

You okay.

Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks.

Thanks for being my only fan
back there.

Anything What? Did you learn
anything?

I haven't actually checked yet.

Well, it says try again. Hold
on.

Nope, not the time either.

Botox

now we have tardy Norman

okay.

Just

I had a grand dream while in
high school. One day I would

call a school wide assembly
louder.

One day I would call a school
wide assembly.

And, you know, everyone in the
school would show up, because I

had just learned how to make
fake glass, which is a highly

guarded secret recipe by

I feel I can share it with you.
It's Carol syrup, and sugar. So

I would set up basically huge
sheets of this glass all over

the stage and then I'd you know,
punch it or kick it better yet

break it over my head. And
everybody would be surprised and

impressed that I hadn't hurt
myself.

So after the whole class, but
after everybody got into that

frame of mind of seeing me cheat
death, I would

sit on the edge of the stage,

put a paper bag over my head,
pull out a gun, and blow my

brains out.

And people would laugh and
giggle until they realized that

unlike the whole glass bit, the
gun brains

all that was real.

A few nights ago, I attempted to
kill myself. Nothing with the

finance or showmanship of the
dream but rather just a boy

alone. No room with a knife.

incredibly sad kid who had
nothing to look forward to that

day.

I was stopped, though by my
goodbye letter. Because you see,

I couldn't decide who to trust
to to dear everybody, or just

dear assholes. And these are
obviously crucial decisions when

one is contemplating suicide.
Because you see, and this is the

moral of the story, folks.

It's not how important one feels
when one dies, but rather how

guilty

everybody else feels.

Thank you.

Hey,

hey, hey.

That's you

know, just waiting for my ride.
Gotcha. Your parents pick it up.

No, I run with James. James.
James. Really?

Sorry to disappoint.

Think I'll get over it.

I think he's back there talking
with Bradley.

That sucks.

Why?

No, I just, I mean, I have to
get home. So

why?

So many questions?

I actually need to go to the

doctor's office.

Right.

I need to pick up a medical
report right now.

Hey, have you ever seen the
Monty Python sketch about the

Spanish Inquisition?

That's sort of random thing to
ask. But

I guess

nobody expects the Spanish
Inquisition. The weapon is the

ruthless efficiency.

My dad loves Monty Python.
That's cool.

Okay, now you asked me a
question.

Okay, Emily,

what brings you to this
exceptional institution of

learning?

Well, here they have really good
fish.

Wow.

And my mom got a job at the
university. So

basically, what do you think so
far? I got high school is pretty

much the same.

Except this one has a Norman

I gotta go.

I wanted to tell you, I really
like to audition in there. It's

kind of weird, but again, Linux
plays it from

it was just some you know,
contemporary, obscure t next

thing, you know, the usual.

Did you really have that dream?

Good.

Well, hopefully I see you on the
list tomorrow.

by James

smarty pies

on dry on

go start sometime kiddo. Yeah, I
know just not today.

No, it's okay like your old fart
stations. I was saying play

close to you

did the carpenters know? Oh
yeah, they did

that for me all the time. God it
was annoying

sure sure got a year ago

What is it? What is a alright
cam. Oh, God

did you want me to drive because
I can drive I can drive you can

pull over and I can drive right
now.

You scared me

I don't get it.

What am I looking for? It's a
big envelopes probably on the

counter.

Norman bring it back. Don't open
it.

Don't open it.

Hi. picking something up
productive.

reached a long family Murray dog
and

we're not here. So leave a
message. Thanks.

Trying to think about this
positively.

I really have no

I know.

I'm not going anywhere. I'm
going to stay with you here as

long as I can. I mean, well,
maybe you should just try

another round of chemo arm and
I'm a doctor. Remember I know

how this goes. That was a while
ago. Already. You don't know

maybe your your body would react
differently this time. I think I

need to be alone. So

I'm going to try to get some
sleep. Okay.

Okay.

Hi, you've reached the wrong
family, Marie.

More, down here. Please

write the write down.

Robert, what are you doing?

surance

power of attorney that Norman
upside?

Norman

Norman Do you remember Mr.
perset? Hey, Norman. No, I

don't.

I'm your dad's attorney. We need
to talk about my will. Okay,

well, I gotta go to school. No,
I know. I know. But this is good

time as any Yeah. What better
way to start the day.

I'm leaving. And

we have to have this
conversation not with him. I was

just discussing some options
with your dad. There's certain

logistics and we still have to
figure out like, for instance,

where you're going to live. You
know, maybe you could sell the

house and live with Aunt Judy
and Judy. And judy is older than

the ocean. She has 20 cats and
turtle she she calls me Leon.

Alright, then.

You live with a friend or I
don't know you could stay here.

Okay. You know, I gotta go.
Norman. Don't walk away from me.

These are important decisions.
Why do I have to make them?

Seriously why and nobody else
does. All they're worried about

is you know who they're going to
go to prom with or where they're

going to get drunk this week?
And that's all they should have

to worry about. I just want to
go to school. Okay.

Why Norman? Why am I always
waiting for you? What I mean, I

waited for you this morning. I
waited for you yesterday.

I walked home yesterday. James
walked home. That is totally

absurd. I stood around in that
parking lot for over an hour.

Sorry. Sorry. No, I'm not gonna
let you pull that shit on me

Norman. Honestly, your dad can't
drive you he's a doctor James.

He works weird hours. Okay,
well, I'm gonna drive you around

like your personal chauffeur.
The nice he can do is be on

time. Okay, okay, whatever.
Whatever.

Set the list. We normally

don't My favorite part is is
that you asked me to audition.

And then you don't even cast me
I wanted to cast but I decided

to leave one slot open because I
just can't trust you. The only

thing walking home proves is
that you can be self consumed.

dict No, I didn't have the
slightest clue on Earth where

you were last night. You have no
cell phone, no email, no

voicemail. Now your home phone
is off. The unabomber could get

in touch faster than you can.
And that would all be fine if

you weren't fucking flicking out
all the time. I wish I could

depend on you, Norman, but I
just can't. And that's why your

name's not on James. You should
always be able to trust your

best friend. Even if I wanted to
you freak everyone out yesterday

with that psycho audition of
yours. I mean, what the fuck was

that? Norman it was sick. Oh,
yeah, really? I'm tired of

you're suicidal? Nobody loves
me. Bullshit. We're all supposed

to sit around wondering if
you're gonna put a paper bag

over your head and blow your
brains out. I'm done with you,

Norman everything is not a
fucking joke. Yeah, I know. It's

not a joke. Do you? Fuck you
man. You really you don't know

anything? Okay, you really don't
What don't I know normally tell

me what I don't know.

Like I've got cancer us Oh my
god. I swear me Norman. The pity

game is over grow up. I was
looking for pity and cancer.

That's way over the line of
being funny.

It's not a joke.

You know what that is? Looks
like a piece of shit with light

shine through it. That friend is
cancer. And this is my stomach.

What? Three months from now and
you'll know that you were wrong

on this one.

Are you serious?

Why don't you just catch, Tom.
Good. I'm glad you're done with

me. I can't wait to do this on
my own. Just pull over. I'm not

gonna turn. We're gonna turn the
car over James. I'm done talking

about No.

I'm not gonna pull over Norman.
We're gonna talk to me. Shut up

normally.

Stop shopping.

Please, we need to talk about
this.

Norman

Norman Jesus Christ.

Norman. Hey.

Hey, what are you doing up
there? I'm just staring out the

bathroom creeks pretty bad. So

my good deed for the day.

Hey, do you see the list? Yeah.

You're on it. Really?

Are you?

Are you mad? Well, I was kind of
mad but it's hard to stay mad

when you're shouting at a pretty
girl airing at a bathroom. That

reeks. Hey, me, me. No, I want
to give you a hug.

Oh,

I'm really sorry normally.

I'm really sorry.

It's alright. It's like, wait, I
supposedly James can depend on

me for whatever reason, and

I don't I just feel kind of
stupid to put yourself out

there, you know, and I it's
better to try a bunch of

bullshit.

I'm sorry. That was. That was
mean. I didn't know you're

right. It is a bunch of
bullshit.

Well, thank you

for coming down here. That heart
was probably the nicest thing

anybody's ever done for me.

Hello, James. How could you not
talk? I don't want to talk about

a breakup that isn't for you.
Are you? cancer? That's not

something keep from your best
friend to change. No. I mean,

just tell me how bad is it
assure you? I'm not gonna show

that like.

Oh my god. Is that true? No, no,
no, I don't I don't. Is it true?

You should see the X ray. I
mean, Jesus. I can't even

believe you're coming to school.

I don't have I don't know.
Sorry. Norm.

What's the book? What the book
was that? What did you just do

you want to still play dumb,
James? Why did you just tell

her? I didn't tell her. She
heard me What's wrong?

I mean, she was just being nice
to me. Because me. I mean, there

was no other reason. What am I
doing now? It's all screwed up.

Look, I know this is gonna sound
stupid, but I want you to take

that open slot.

It's yours. I don't want it. I'm
sorry. I didn't plan to trust

you and just put your name down.
I'm an asshole. Alright.

I had no idea what was going on
with you.

But you have to promise not to
tell anyone else. Okay, you

can't tell anyone. If that's
what you need. Okay. Yeah.

Normally, you should take it.

Fine. I'll take it.

I'll take it.

That

norm. What are you doing out
here?

How was your day?

It was a pretty bad

day. Today. Dad.

Do Yeah.

Just been lying here all day. I
agree with what your mom. Have

you eaten anything? She says.
Hi. Have you eaten anything at

all today? Let's start Stop.
Stop. So

yeah, I'm gonna get you
something you have no chance of

getting better at all. It's just
gonna be lying around all day.

Nor? Yes.

Hang on.

Where does it hurt?

Your lungs.

Cancer hurts here.

is just like a really bad
stomachache.

Does it hurt?

Yeah, pretty much all the time

as your dad down

I mean like first mom and then
this it's just got to be

terrifying. Yeah. Oh my dad's a
trooper. So

it's just got to be really hard.

By the way, I don't need to
write on Monday. Why

is it chemo?

When I mean, I'm just going to
be

driving myself so I thought

okay if if you need ride Yeah,
I'll let you know about chemo

carpool.

Anything else happened today?
Oh, let's see you got laid

twice. Mrs. Lawson. Mrs. Bryant.

got beat up. Learn how to tailor
suits about it. Do you need help

getting up the stairs? No. Do
you

know?

Norman?

Yeah, twice.

Yes, twice. Kind of reminds me
of somebody.

Hey, hey, feelin. Not too bad. I
have to say. Ready for a little

Speed Racer.

Let me get my helmet here. Hurry
up or change my mind.

All right, no, no, when you
release the clutch, you put

equal pressure on the gas equal
equal press? Yes, I do. You're

not given a gas. Okay. All
right. Okay. All right.

Okay.

Little faster than I remembered.
Okay. And when you hear the

engine strain, you feel a strain
put put in second. Alright.

It's not moving.

God damn it.

starting up again.

Come on. It's okay. You'll get
it. I will be doing donuts in

the mall parking lot before
we're done.

is just still so scary.

It's a bad memory.

Scare

to think that.

At that moment, she knew what
was happening to her.

No, I don't think she'd

come up. That's good. Okay. All
right.

Yeah.

All right. No, throw it back to
you. All right, equal pressure

equal pressure shaft and more
gas.

Norman

wait.

Norman James.

James does something seem
different? I can explain.

Everybody knows everybody knows
what but your cancer. Ah, well

attacked is impressive.

But is that for the king?

Look if there's anything I can
do no chemo, carpal. Remember,

look, if you go bald, I go bald.
Do that for you.

Thanks, man.

So, did everybody find out why
everyone at practice asked me

and I told them it was true. So
you broke your promise? Yeah, I

did. But I got trapped. It's
spread all over the school.

Spread How? Like cancer.

You don't stop.

Wait, so

you're not mad at me? No.

No, surprisingly not.

I've heard you sounded off.

No, I'm gonna go talk to her.

Yeah.

Emily.

Hey.

How's it going? Good. All
things. Considered. I'm good.

Everyone's been talking about
you today. It's kind of surreal.

Does it wears you out?

So we're new. Oh,

no, no, not really, like

the Fonz now, sort of a leather
jacket? cancer.

Sorry.

Can I ask you a question? Yeah.

I actually was wondering if you
wanted to go to the parade with

me. Next Friday. You asked me on
a date.

Well, yes, I thought I was
blind. Did I do something wrong?

No. That's perfect.

Okay, I'll see you later then.
Hi. All right. Bring him in.

Bring him in. Excellent. Comic
boy.

I want to apologize

for being a douche to you.

You know, if you want to play
ball with us, we'll be shooting

some hoops after school.

Well, thanks, Frank. But that's
what's called too little too

late.

Gotcha.

Yes, I deserve that.

And that's all you'll ever need
to know about anything. Your

essays are due by the end of the
week. Oh, Norman, you You left

your book under the desk?

Yeah, I you know, I didn't want
to pull that whole out. kind of

see you after class. I mean, for
everybody. I mean, it's just

embarrassing.

I have a seat you.

Look.

I've

I've heard a rumor.

And I just wanted to know
whether or not it was true.

Do you have cancer?

What?

What kind of, no, no, I don't
have cancer.

I can understand you wanting to
be in complete.

denial.

Wanting to slough it off.

I can't even begin to imagine
how scary This is. Are you being

treated because

I don't know. Everyone in school
seems to think that it's that

it's pretty great. Is that true?
Everyone in schools and yet?

Yeah, that's true.

argue that point?

Look, I'm

I want to tell you something.
Okay. A

bunch of years ago, before I
moved here. Now my wife got very

sick.

people when they lose somebody,
they're left with all these

unresolvable feelings.

Right? I mean, they're there,
they're furious. They're sad.

To guilty. I guess. What I'm
saying is, is that people are

going to need you to relieve
them of these feelings.

You know, there's this bit in
the Bible, I think, the most

human and real

in the entire Bible, where Jesus
asks not to carry that burden.

Sound like everybody's

Jesus. Yeah, well, sort of
sorta. Okay.

You're comparing me to Christ.
That's cool, I guess.

But I don't

I don't understand what am I
supposed to do? Well, you could

maybe talk about what you're
going through in your speech.

Look, I can guarantee you that I
cannot get up there and start

talking about having cancer.

Well, look, is there anything
else that you like doing that

you want to do that could help?

Make a movie and movie first
wanted to make a movie? I think

that could work.

In fact, that might be better.

You could film things little
things, moments of your life.

Like me dying.

No.

You can document your living a
little moments.

Things that are meaningful
things that you've come to

appreciate and ways that maybe
you otherwise might not have

been able to.

I don't expect you to be able to
wrap your head around this right

now. But I I just really want
you to try and take this from

me.

You

You have an opportunity to
change the lives of everyone

that you know.

Christmas.

Merry Christmas. Merry
Christmas. Merry Christmas.

What's for you today? Who came
last night?

Yes. And what does it bring for
you? Looking for those presents?

Ready? Go find yours.

It's Christmas time.

My dad

Hey.

Ready? You ready? Ready for the
raspberry? Are you

ready?

Ross is my video to say goodbye.

Recently

I found out that I had cancer

that I was dying of cancer. That
I had approximately three months

to live.

Gentlemen The following is a
reenactment of me getting onto

the drama team

really just

normal guy with

massive muscles.

armies a little evil cancer guys
just eaten away with this

job.

But it's

seriously ladies.

Gentlemen likes

like insulted spam and spam spam
in case ships spam.

So sorry.

No.

What are you thinking about?

A little bit about you.

Good stuff, I hope. Yeah, some
good stuff.

Some sad stuff too, but I'm just
gonna let the good stuff be

good.

Think about my favorite thing
like I don't know Tamra monkeys

or Billy Crystal running to Meg
Ryan and When Harry Met Sally or

Oh my god,

Christmas sometime we should
drink eggnog and go Christmas

caroling? Yeah, yes, I agree.

Jingle all the way Oh what fun
it is to ride in one horse open

sleigh Hey.

day or two ago I thought I'd
take a ride. Miss Fanny Bright

Was seated by my side how hot
the horse was leaning like

Misfortune seemed as we got into
a drifted bank And then we got

upset. Hey, no, those those are
the real words.

My mom was like this. You know,
Christmas.

She was this Christmas Nazi and
she used to make me and my dad

sit around the tree and read
Carol's out of her caroling

book.

That's sweet. It was sweet. It
was probably also the dorkiest

family thing she ever made us
do. But last year for Christmas.

We all wore matching sweaters
for our cards. You were

wondering Oh yeah, big green and
red sweaters with no men on

them.

Well, you were

pretty sexy. I have to wear for
you sometime.

I'm sure you look

beautiful.

Just like

my mom. I was supposed to be
home like a half an hour ago.

Okay, well, listen.

Can you do me a favor and not
call me tonight?

Okay, I mean, I can't. Anyway,
but why?

Well, I don't know. This is all
kind of

new and I want to take it in.

Okay, wait, but why can't you
call me?

home phone doesn't work. I don't
have a cell phone. So

we'll have to deal with that
tomorrow. Okay, you're good.

Bye.

Normally, this one I love you to
death. Your crappy cook. Just

considered payback for all those
years. You made me vegetables as

I was making strong. Imagine the
raw strength you possess after I

make you a smoothie full of
broccoli, carrots and Brussels

sprouts Beets tomatoes made it's
not a vegetable.

Was that?

No, don't go let him go away.
What if it's Girl Scout? Oh, no,

no, no, no whatever. They leave
it even if it's girls.

Hey, Norman. Thank you for
coming.

You welcome.

Dad. It's Dr. Malloy.

Dog.

Okay, Norman. Doug Norman asked
me to come over. Oh, Jesus

Christ Norman dead. He says that
you should be in the hospital

right now.

Yeah, well, you know, he knows
God damn well as I do that last

place I should be is in a
hospital. Dog at least let me

send a hospice worker over.
We're doing fine on our own.

That how are you going to know
unless you try Norma stop.

Phil is stupidly trying to act
like a doctor instead of my

friend. mean, this is our last
few moments and I will not let

either one of you take them away
from me.

Time to go, Phil.

Thanks for coming. Norman.

Close the door.

I may be sick, but I'm still a
boss around here.

If you need anything, you call
me.

Okay, thank you.

If he the monster, or
victorious, I shouldn't be a

piece. If he were vanquished,
then I should be a free man.

Okay.

So now that everyone's finished
reading the book,

wondering if anybody could tell
me how this quote is indicative

of its theme.

I'm not asking for a mind
blowing discourse here. You can

save that for your essays due
next Friday. I just want you to

know

Tell me what you think the theme
of Shelley's Frankenstein is?

Okay, you know, sometimes the
best way to approach a theme is

through train of thought. Right?
How does it make you feel?

Norman?

Yes, you're the volunteer. I
didn't raise my hand straight.

Now everybody put your pencils
down. Norman, I'm gonna ask you

to close your eyes. Okay, and I
want you just to just to give

yourself over to a sort of
stream of consciousness. Okay.

Whatever you think whatever you
feel about the theme of this

book is perfect. Okay, you can
make it up. That's better in

fact, yeah. Okay, but what is
this for? In preparation for

Joyce?

Your I shot?

Yes.

Whenever you're ready.

Okay.

Okay, well, if he the monster
were victorious.

Then he the monster

the monster within us. The
monster within us grows. Monster

grows like

cancer. What else grew up plants
grow with lots of water plants

grow like little boys. Little
girls with pink shoelaces little

boys with little

blue cancers look like little
orange explosions dropping on

them like in Japan from all the
radiation.

Monster consuming one victim to
the next. But on the inside.

Everything's reversed. The
monster is our companion. The

monster is our destroyer, the
monster.

That's all I got.

All

right.

I just wanted to tell you, I'm
sorry. You got upset in class

today? I

mean, it was really upset. But

thank you. Cool.

I also wanted to tell you, I
think that you're very

provocative and moving. I just
wanted to tell you that. Oh.

Thanks. I

like your

hair. I like your face.

Alright, guys, let's get
started. While we warm up with

some improv.

The good thing good to

do como

show

say something don't bore there's
no shame

is No.

Go ahead, say something dumb.

This is good. This is this is
fun, right? Yeah. This is the

best date I've ever been on.
Yeah. I mean, it's the only day

I've ever been on But wait, I'm
your first.

I mean, nobody's ever really
taken an interest in me before

is nothing more sexy than self
pity. Well, then I suck. I was

kidding.

Oh, damn, I do something. It's a
great date. Norman.

Well, hey, it's not over yet.
Where? Where do you want to go

next?

I don't know. Want to go to your
place? Yeah, let me think No.

Why? What's wrong with your
place? You don't want to go to

my place. Okay, trust me. It's
just me and my dad. It's

overflowing with masculinity,
dirty dishes and laundry. I

don't care about that stuff. I
want to meet your dad or well

let me ask you what what would
bother you?

No, no, seriously, just name
anything. It could be anything

that would bother you. What is
it?

Frozen head? Well, this is good.
This is why I asked we have a

whole freezer dedicated to
frozen had specifically ones of

girls that I bring home. So
really? Yep. That I was your

first day.

hookers don't count as dates.
Yeah.

Okay.

We don't have a freezer full of
heads but we are looking. I want

to meet your dad. Emily please
just don't don't push this. What

do you mean don't push this? I
have to push it Your home is

your life. Come on. Okay.

Where would a rock be if it
wasn't pushed? A rock? Yes. A

rock? Is it a magical route?
It's not a magical rock. Where

would it be?

Nowhere. Exactly. Nowhere. Okay,
well, that is one of the most

profound things I've ever heard.
Honestly.

Look, I have no idea what you're
talking about right now. But we

go to your place

your house your life. Right.

Look at that. Our first
argument.

So how long should we wait?

Until my parents like goes out?

hanging out in the car. What to
do what to do?

You know, I used to set my alarm
every day for 336 and then when

it would go off I would
intentionally do something to

harm myself or

get hurt or you know just
anything self destructive,

basically.

But I don't do it anymore.

Okay, and things which I do.
Just anything I could find when

it went off.

I mean, the last thing I
remember doing was auditioning.

But they

they met me I know it's the most
positive self destruction ever.

That's not smile.

No, no.

Happy

lights off.

Keep your eyes closed.

They're closed.

Open them

was

Holy shit. That's

it go through a sexy

What else? snowman

that's somewhat forward.

Thank you. A lot.

Okay, I really, I really do. I
mean,

so don't start making advances.
It's just

I've never been advanced upon
before. I mean,

I'm like the Switzerland of
heterosexual boy. It's just

neutral.

I mean, I guess hurting the
Nazis. Gold wasn't exactly

neutral. So I'm like the
mythical image of Switzerland.

making those jokes and

I've just never been

with a girl before.

In a room like this late at
night.

I've never been liked by a girl

before

it's really good feeling.

Hear?

You're

just here. Put your head on my
lap.

Okay,

okay, you have to close your
eyes. Just trust me.

Okay, ready.

My mom used to do this when I
was

younger and I couldn't sleep.

She called it face trace.

Pretty soon.

My eyes are closed.

worries.

Ultimate feeling of comfort.

Safety

Sound is

always on Yoshi

Sherlock

whooshing Thomas all right shows
cause

follow the Knights

Can I move my leg?

bodily

one say to segue into more
kissing

What if he hadn't been born into
st

What if you were 75 now

wood are convinced. Good thing I
read what's happening to my body

for boys last night. Cookies and
oh folks

can I meet her?

I don't know that. I mean it's
only been like a month or 39

days or whatever.

I want to meet her.

I got to celebrate.

Hey,

you see that cabinet over there?
top shelf is the Bible of 18

year old scotch and I've had it
for 18 years so it's a bottle 36

year old scotch

Your papa Sam gave it to me. I
brought you home from the

hospital

All right. What do you what do
you want me to do with very good

goddamnit celebration?

This one

looks old.

Toast

is

there burns

if I can do it again.

There we go.

What you did it remember?

Mine fell out. I just want to
see how it feels. Oh my god

Norman sees

I guess it's too late to say
don't do it. Holy

I'm not doing chemo again if
that's what you think I'm not.

Yeah, I know dad just. It's a
fashion statement here. Will you

help me to do the back here? I
can't really see.

Oh my goodness.

Buddy.

Maybe that scotch was a bad
idea.

This is my video to say goodbye.

Recently, I found out that I had
cancer

that I was dying of cancer. That
I had approximately three months

to live

I won't even make it to
Christmas.

I'm sorry baby Jesus don't

danceable I start again.

Yes, friends, students, faculty.

Every day My life is a living
hell. My stomach feels like it's

so cracked well, filling with
hot sand.

Apparently he mustered enough
strength first. Drink water. Hi,

you've reached the last family.

We're not here. So leave a
message.

Are you still going to show your
movie on Monday?

I was

planning on it.

We're going to show it just like
the movie. We're going to talk

about it.

I don't know. I hadn't really
thought about it.

Are you gonna come?

I'm sorry.

I'm so sorry.

It's fine.

Everything's gonna be fine.
about this, about this. What do

you what do you want for
Christmas?

On Christmas Day, whatever it
is, I'll get it for you. As long

as it's like under $320. Listen
to me.

I look at you and

you amaze me.

You're so strong through all of
this. You have such

strength and and I just admire
you so much.

I look at you when I see what an
incredible person you are. And

it just frustrates me to think
that you've spent most of your

life not having faith in
yourself because people have

always thought they were smart
and funny. And if there's one

person in this world that I
would have faith in

you didn't know something. Okay?

It's not because of the cancer.

But aren't you say

please

Can I at least commit?

I'm sorry. No, he did nothing
wrong.

I just want you to know.

You, too.

Nermin. Now.

You got to help me get Chuck.
Okay.

You got to help me right? You
can do it. You got it. You can

do it.

You have to leave now.

Why are you still here? Why
didn't you leave? Because I

wanted to come back. Okay, we'll
just go go. Okay. Why are you

doing this? Just let me in. I
wouldn't be with you.

Emily needs you to just go Okay.

Go. No,

no, no, man, I'm pushing him
now.

I don't know how much

money to spend every second.

You don't have cancer. You don't
have cancer.

Please, just open the door.

But just listening. What do you
mean you don't have cancer?

Please just come. Please just
come on. Look, just listen, em.

Okay.

Everything that I've ever wanted
to do in terms of, you know,

whatever dreams that I've had,
I've put in this drawer. As you

can see, I'm a man of many
dreams. I've been doing this

Since I was really young so
there's lots of weird crazy

stuff in here let's see dreams

not that one learn how to build
a roller coaster of a pet to can

learn how to levitate be a dad
I'm starting to have second

thoughts

break away

I don't have called dying being
in here anywhere.

Oh wait wait wait wait

commit suicide

I stand corrected commit

suicide

Dr. Kravitz

just checking

if you can get the lab results
from this conversation right

here at the desk.

Norman

just came by to visit

see woken up yet?

now.

If you need anything, you just
give me a call right.

I would really love to honor
your father in that way.

Thank you, sir.

Dial 111

gone.

Hey,

Hey, Hey, how you doing? Boy
show I see yourself so

I got my boy. Everything's
alright with me.

My dad

you made your mom together
again.

Your mom's got my one hand you
got my

I ever tell you how proud I am.
You know?

You're gonna have a good life.

You guys just trust me on

this.

I want to thank you for letting
me do this the way

I know it was

was really hard on you. And

I didn't mean to be

like

Oh, no.

Oh,

no. I'm okay. I'm okay.

This wait nor Just

wait.

Wait, wait, wait. Sweet.

I'll give you a hug. No, no, no,
no.

Moving is tiring.

Loving makes your time

especially good.

Hi, guys.

Hey,

Your mom's so funny. She cracks.

If you can't think outside the
box, think outside the circle.

Thank you.

I have the privilege to
introduce our next speaker. Over

the course of the last few
months, I've had the pleasure of

getting to know this guy and
he's bright. He's funny, and

he's courageous in the face of
inordinate adversity. So,

colleagues, students one cool
kid, Norman long.

There was going to be a video
today but actually,

actually, now there's not a
video

I just came from

I just came from the hospital
and I didn't think I was gonna

come here. It's

kind of

weird that I did.

It's really intimidating being
appeared.

I underestimated you guys.

But to be honest,

you overestimated me.

Because

the truth is,

the truth is, is that

I don't have cancer.

can only imagine the disgust,

disappointment that you're
feeling towards me? Believe me,

it's nothing compared to what
I'm feeling about myself.

You know, I

didn't mean to turn it into some
big joke.

Obviously, I had no right to
that.

Um, oh, now.

myself.

But as my late father said,

that's really all you ever need.

All right, we

settled down.

Right?

Hi, you've reached the wrong
family Marie.

We're not here so leave a
message. Thanks.

Hi, this is Norman Please leave
a message.

I became obsessed

with hearts sumos is such

a key.

pass

these

Marcel su Gama not only sheets

so

