ï»¿1
Hey, good morning!

Last night was -- it was
awesome.

Yeah.

What time is it?

Why, you got some place you
need to be?

Work? That sucks.

I was hoping that you'd stay
here and smoke some of this
"dank nug" with me.

Hey, you know --

-- we should get together
sometime and do this again.

Yeah, just give me a call
sometime.

Hey, I got a pen around here
somewhere if -- if I could just
find it.

Okay.

Hey! You better watch where
you're going!

"Qu'est-ce la chance?"

Lynn. The fuck are you?

Copacetic. In the cosmic sense.

How's your mom these days?

Fine. She's good.

So, I don't know if you've
heard, but I just moved in with
some friends here.

Here? As in Columbia?

Well, Rosemary Lane, but same
difference.

Great.

So, you should make it out to
ecstatic dance sometime.

What's "ecstatic dance"?

Okay, so we all get together
Sunday mornings at the armory.

And we, well -- I -- put
together this music.

And, everybody just sort of
follows the rhythm of the music.

Really.

It's -- okay. It's basically
about this moment where you
find yourself at this higher
place.

Your mind is at a higher level,
but your body's vibrating.

You feel the music and your
body just completely follows
suit.

So when does all this happen?

Sunday mornings at the armory.

Sunday mornings when?

9:00 AM. You should make it out!

Yeah, well, if I don't it
probably has more to do with
that whole Sunday morning at
9:00 AM thing, you know?

Right. Well, if you change your
mind -- Yeah, probably not.

Um, okay. Well, it was really
nice to see you --

It was good to see you too,
Lynn.

Brad, Pizza for Brad. Come get
your pizza, Brad. Hurry up.

Hey.

Hey.

Hey, you want a soda with that?

Yes please.

Thank you.

Howdy strangers.

Hey there.

Cookie and a soda?

Sure thing.

And for you?

Just a cookie.

Nothing to drink?

Water's fine.

$4.93 for you.

$2.95 for you.

Hello, Kirsten.

Straub. What's shakin'?

I know you're off tomorrow
night, because -- you're off
every night -- but you should
stop by around closing.

Oh yeah?

Yeah, I don't know if you've
heard but ... Jeremy's moving
to Austin to keep the band
going.

So, no hard feelings, we're
getting together tomorrow night
...

...you know, going to toast the
deal and make it legal.

Well, maybe I'll stop by.

Yeah, you should stop by!

But, what's really at the heart
of it, is that we're going to
need somebody to take over his
shift starting next week.

Sure, makes sense.

So, what do you think?

Do you mean do I want to take
Jeremy's bartending shift?

You know the deal, six to close
Tuesday through Saturday.

Since you'll be working thirty
hours a week, you can even buy
into our employee health
insurance plan.

I mean, I appreciate the offer
and everything, but --

-- I don't understand why
anyone would want to give up
part of their paycheck every
single week

when they're still perfectly
healthy.

'Cause it's like, if you get
sick, you get sick, and then
you have to pay a ton of money
anyway --

-- it just seems like a little
bit of a scam to me.

Well, you at least want to
think about it?

Think about it, at least.

Hey, we need a miracle!

Yeah, me too.

What's up, small fry? What's on
the menu?

Nice!

It got sent back, but it's only
been sitting there for like
thirty minutes,though.

Cool!

Hey wait. Who's that girl you
were hanging out with at
Eastside the other night?

Uh, Beth? She's cool.

It's her first year at MU, she
moved here from Baltimore last
fall, she's nice.

Where'd you two crazy kids meet?

Shakespeare's, where else?

Right. I forget sometimes.

So I guess you heard Jeremy's
moving to Austin?

No, I hadn't, but to be honest
-- it doesn't surprise me.

I'd be surprised if Jeremy
weren't moving to Austin!

I never hear anyone say they're
going to move to Tulsa,
Oklahoma.

Or, like Casper, Wyoming. I
mean ...

... like Austin, Texas or
Olympia, Washington or Chicago
...

... what do those places have
that we don't have here in
Columbia, Missouri?

Whataburger, K Records, Old
Style.

That's just three.

A bunch of people are getting
together at Shakes to give
Jeremy a proper send-off.

You want to come?

So we can all go get drunk with
the same people we always get
drunk with

at the same place we always get
drunk at -- one last time?

Don't be hatin'.

Hey kitty!

Oh hey, Dennie.

Hey, I hope you don't mind, I
let myself in. Had to fix the
relay compressor on the fridge.

I tried calling, I even left a
message.

Yeah, well my cell got turned
off, and uh -- the machine's
dead, so ...

Right. Well, as long as you're
here, I should mention that I'm
going to be selling the place.

Really? To who?

Whoever wants it.

So does that mean that Katie
and I have to move out?

It depends on who buys it, what
they want to do with it ...

... whether or not I can even
sell the goddamned place.

So, uh, we'll just have to see.

Yeah, well, it's a great house,
so --

-- I mean, I'm sure that it's
going to move, especially,
like, in this market. You know?

Well, you know you guys got
right of first refusal on this
place.

What's that, like, we have the
right to refuse to buy it?

Okay.

Look, mention it to Katie, okay?

I'm going to list it for
one-o-two, but ...

... it's hers in a heartbeat
for eighty-eight if she wants
it.

Thousand?

Mention it to Katie.

She could -- well, you could --
own this place in ten years or
so

for what the lot of you guys
are choking up in rent every
month.

Yeah, but I mean, where am I
going to be in ten years?

It's a pretty uncertain
arrangement, so ...

Well, listen. Just mention it
to Katie, okay?

I will! Thanks, Dennie.

Later later.

"You always know when best to
be assertive or to simply wait."

Wakey wakey, pudding pie.

... what I'll see a lot of
times, sitting on the front
porch --

is little birds chasing great
big birds out of the tree.

I mean big birds! And they come
flying in, landing on a limb --

and the little bird comes and
chases it out --

and sometimes two or three of
them will chase that big one.

Well, they're territorial ...

I know. Why don't you and I go
grocery shopping?

Can I at least hose myself off
first?

Can you put your safety belt on?

It's just that I get the ticket
if we get pulled over, so ...

When do you get your license
back again?

When I can afford to take that
SATOP class.

That shit is not cheap.

Oh, by the way, Dennie stopped
by today and he said he's
thinking about selling the
house.

Shit. Are you serious, we have
to move out?

Well, when were you going to
let me know that?

I just did! I just told you!

I took a nap, and then I woke
up, and I told you you as soon
as I saw you!

Fuck!

We only have to move out if
someone actually decides to buy
the place.

Great.

And he said that you had right
of first refusal.

For real? Like, what -- what's
he asking?

$88,000.

He says it's yours if you want
it.

88?

[ canned grocery store music ]

Ooh look! Stuffed portobello
mushrooms!

These look good. You just throw
them in the oven, and ...

Yeah, you should get them.

Yeah. Well, I thinking that we
could go "half-sies" on some of
these groceries?

You know, save some money?

The problem with that, I think
right now, is ...

I have a hard time visualizing
what I'm going to want to eat
three nights from now,

'cause I'm not a food psychic,
and ...

... so I just generally pick
stuff up when I'm out on the
town,

and then I'm coming home, I'll
get something ...

you know, burrito, or whatever,
or ...

Fine! Fine.

Then don't fuck with my
portobello mushrooms.

Don't even.

Fine!

These are mine, too.

Okay!

Katie.

I know. Why don't I just, like,
pick up some beer?

Oh, hey. Can you just let me
out up here on the right?

I have a little business to
attend to.

Uh, yeah. Well, you just passed
it, but that's fine.

Um, just anywhere. Up here is
good.

Oh, um. Do me a hot favor, love
biscuit --

don't forget to put those beers
in the fridge so they're nice
and icy cold when I get home. K?

Later later!

Pants!

Hey.

Hey.

You want to see my ID?

No.

Thank you, sir.

Hi!

Hey. What're you having?

How about a "Bully Wheat."

There you go.

Thanks.

You know I'm good for it.

Yeah.

That's just wrong.

... no, this is not "new age,"
this is older than time.

No, it's not "new age," but --
oh, Kirsten!

It's my friend Kirsten!

Kirsten, hey! Twice in one day,
huh?

The odds.

So I want you to meet my
friends Doug and Charity.

What's up?

Hi.

They're in town from Boulder.

Of course they are.

So anyway, it's kind of lucky
we ran into you like this,
because uh ...

Doug and Charity need a place
to crash tonight ...

Yeah, maybe load up on a
"twelve-r" of Stag and hang out?

Sorry guys, couch is taken.

Oh, no. Um --

Seriously, Katie's cousin's up
from Lamar, she's going to
theater camp at Stephens.

They're doing "Pippin."

That's -- that's actually not
what I was going to say, I was
just going to say that ... um,
maybe --

I'm just saying that maybe we
can think outside the box here,

maybe if you had a backyard
where we could lay down a tarp,

or pitch a tent?

No fucking way.

Maybe you know about any
affordable camping spots around
here?

At least something with public
showers and hopefully not
crawling with rapists,but ...

Yeah.

Excuse me.

Um, sorry?

Hey, is that Kirsten?

Kirsten! Hey you'ze!

Yes. Hi!

I don't know if I've properly
introduced you to Beth.

Beth, this is my esteemed chum
Kirsten.

"Esteemed."

Nice to meet you.

Totally.

You just moved here from
Baltimore?

Yes. My aunt works at MU, so I
had an opportunity to join up
at the journalism school ...

... so, yeah.

That's cool. I mean, it's a
good program and, uh ...

... it's a great time to be in
journalism with all the ...

... stuff that's going on and
everything, so that sounds like
a --

-- really choice opportunity!

Cool, thanks!

File under "ironic
coincidences," but my aunt Barb
lives in Columbia, Maryland.

Get out!

There's a Columbia, Maryland?

Have you been to visit her?

No, but I thought about it.

She teaches sign language to
deaf and hearing kids in
integrated classrooms.

Wow. That's great!

We were just going to go home
because we couldn't figure out
anything else to do tonight ...

Tell me about it.

Did you want to go get a drink
at Eastside?

No!

No, I don't. I, uh --

Come to think of it, though ...

... Beth here is new in town
and maybe we should just take
her

to one of Columbia's more "off
the beaten path" kind of
destinations?

Like what?

I'm talking McNally's!

McNally's?

Yes! Oh, my God. McNally's has
quickly endeared itself to me
in so many ways.

Really.

I'm game!

I could have sworn it was right
here ...

That's Tony's!

I have to pee.

I told you it was on Sixth
Street.

I know.

Why wouldn't you listen?

I thought you said this was
your new favorite hangout.

Was? Is. New champion.

How's everyone doing?

Great!

Another one of these for me,
please.

And can I get you guys anything?

Actually ...

... do you think I could a
ginger ale with bitters?

You know what? That sounds
good, I'll have one of those
too.

Great. Well, I'm going to go
and figure out what a "bitters"
is, but --

I'll be right back!

Cheers!

So, Kristen ...

Kirsten.

Kirsten.

It's Kirsten.

I hear you work at
Shakespeare's.

Indubitably. I work the lunch
rush Monday through Friday.

Mike tells me it's something of
a rite of passage around here.

Yeah, it's like, "take your
pick," you know?

Do you deliver sandwiches for
the Sub Shop,

do you tear tickets at the
Ragtag --

"Do you sleep around at the
Ranch?"

Do you end up bussing tables at
Ernie's?

You know, "take your pick."

Well, I don't know what the
Ranch is, but --

-- I do think it's a little
weird that you would allow your
identity

to be so wrapped up in the
social cachet

of a job in the service sector.

What she said.

Well, yes and no, I mean, like
--

-- when I first moved to town I
didn't know anyone. So --

-- and I think it's like that
for a lot of people, like --

-- the friends you first meet
through work,

and then through friends at
work, and then --

And before you realize it, all
of these things have come to
define who you are as a person.

"McNally's!"

McNally's was pretty awesome.

So you were just going to walk
home?

Well, it's more of a moonlight
constitutional than a
neighborly stroll, I suppose ...

... but it's a nice night for
it!

Mike! Let's listen to records!

Nice to meet you!

Nighty night.

Oh, shit.

"Sub Shop."

Is it too late to order
delivery with a credit card?

"We stopped taking orders like
half an hour ago, so ... "

God damn it!

It's Pepper time!

"You're watching KOMU-TV 8.
Live -- it's Pepper and
Friends."

That puppy is so cute!

Pepper.

This show.

"Good morning! Welcome to our
show. Monday the 25th, it is
Thanksgiving week ... "

"And didn't we dodge that snow?"

"Oh, yeah. But it's cold
outside! It is cold. If you're
going to go out

-- if you haven't been outside
yet -- man, you go outside and

you might be in for a surprise,
so bundle up warmly."

"When you bundle up, you
usually do bundle up warmly."

"Yeah, warmly. Thursday we're
not going to be here -- "

" -- I want you to meet them
all by name. Here we have -- "

"I'm Josh."

"I'm Jeff."

"Now there's one guy who's
missing. Where is the other
one?"

"He couldn't make it today."

(drunken mutterings)

"Then you're playing the spoons
... is that for this song?"

"And then you all have jingle
bells?"

"A little bit of rhythm."

"And you're just playing -- "

"Just a plain old electric
guitar."

"Okay."

"No gimmicks!"

Cheers to you, Jeff Carrillo!

You're so cute!

I totally know where you're
coming from.

Except when did you guys end up
signing with K Records?

It was fall of 2007.

They heard our last album on
Cold Crush, and they liked what
they heard,

and we knew each other from all
the requisite industry shindigs,

and you know, it was a natural
fit.

That is so cool.

Yeah, I remember walking into
Salt of the Earth and picking up

that first Dub Narcotic
seven-inch and taking it home,

and it was like ... wow.

Yeah.

You mind if we have a seat?
These heels are killing me.

Okay.

... I thought, you know this is
so corny, but just for a brief
second,

"maybe I'll put a record out on
K one day," you know,

just oozing childish naivetÃ©.

Well, here's to the
intersection of fantasy and
reality, right?

Cheers.

Life's a funny thing sometimes.

It's so funny! You know,
because, like, well --

-- I never harbored any
ambition of being, you know,

an internationally renowned
recording artist or anything --

"Down, boy."

-- no, but seriously.

I used to write the music
reviews for my high school
paper,

and I couldn't carry a tune or
play an instrument to save my
life, but --

-- I always thought, you know,
maybe I could still contribute

to the scene in some meaningful
way, like work for a Thrill
Jockey

or a K Records or a Touch and
Go. You know?

If you're willing to roll up
your sleeves and put in your
hours at the "merch" table ...

I am so up for it! Seriously.

All right, here's what I'm
thinking. You got a pen?

Pen. Uh ... wait, pocket? No.

Hold on one second.

Excuse me! Does anyone have a
pen?

Anything I could use to write
with ...

Sharpie!

I was thinking you should maybe
give Calvin Johnson a call.

Really?

Yeah, I mean maybe he doesn't
have anything percolating at
the moment,

but you could just introduce
yourself, do the whole
"hi-how-you-doing" routine

and see where it goes.

Wow. I mean ...

that would be amazing, to be a
part of the whole K Records
enterprise!

Cool. All right, are you ready?

I am! Okay, shoot!

360 - 555 ...

Hang on, let me try that again.
I don't know. Just one more try
--

360 - 555 ...

... 7777.

Um, no.

Okay, I don't -- I don't
understand. You know what? Just
tell it to me.

I have a killer memory and --
it's -- you know.

A killer memory.

It's a little safety deposit
box up there.

360 - 555 - 7777.

7777. Got it.

Not even going to write it down.

Nope!

360 - 555 - 7777. I got it.

Well, it was nice to meet you,
Kirsten.

You too! And you know, if you
guys are ever in town -- hook
me up!

You got it! All right, bye.

Take care of yourself ...

... Jeff Carrillo.

360 - 555 ...

360 ...

Holy fuck!

(smoke alarm, fire extinguisher)

God damn it!

Fuck!

Fuck off and die!

(alarm clock)

Word!

You understand what I'm saying!

We need to do something because
nobody understands what is
happening with the workers!

Just a regular old coffee to go.

It's gonna be $1.87.

Sorry.

It's fine.

I swear that I wasn't trying to
--

Fuck you, fuck off, eat a
fucking dick, I don't fucking
care!

Don't fucking talk to me!

Pizza for Stacey with an E-Y.
Stacey with an E-Y, come and
get your pizza already.

Would you like something to
drink with that?

I would, please. How about a
Stag?

No problem.

That will be $3.75, please.

Keep the change.

Have a great day!

Thanks.

Hey guys.

Hey there!

Cookie and a soda ... cookie
and no soda?

Water's fine.

You know, you guys really
should ask your parents for a
little extra lunch money.

I mean, I'm sure they're
willing to spring for the
occasional soda pop...

You know, I'm sorry.

No, no -- it's fine.

No, I shouldn't have said that.

It's fine -- for the both of
us, uh -- keep the change!
Thanks.

Do you take Discover?

I can't, I'm sorry, I have to
go pick up Beth from school

and then drive her to her
meeting.

Meeting? What kind of meeting?

It's, uh -- the kind of meeting
where people go and exchange
ideas.

Usually while seated.

You are not cool!

Yeah, I am.

No way, it's -- too far.

Please tell me you take
Discover.

Grumble.

Shit!

Please tell me he is not
bartending at his own going
away party.

Yep! That's Jeremy for you.

... there's a story by Miranda
July about a dog named Potato --

Hey Straub!

Oh. Hey, Kirsten. Talk to
Jeremy yet?

Oh. Nah, he looks all busy,
embroiled in conversation, and
--

Hey, Kirsten.

Hey, Jeremy.

You look like you need a drink!

You know what, I'm good right
now, thanks.

So I was going to ask you about
that job that you asked me
about --

Oh, yeah ... Katie's picking up
that shift.

Really?

Yeah, she's hungry for it,
she's good to go, and --

-- I detected a sense of, shall
we say,

tentativeness in my response to
my original inquiry?

Right.

Okay, that's fair, I guess.

Thanks anyway!

... just as dirty, right?
Because you know how linoleum,

in the cracks and the creases
of it, it just gets dirty

and you can't get it out no
matter how hard you scrub,

even with bleach? I hate that.
So then I was --

Hey.

Fuck off.

I bought groceries!

Well, hoo-fucking-ray.

So I guess you talked to Straub
today.

Yeah, and I talked to Dennie
today. Just so you know.

Okay.

I'm buying the house. It's
mine. The house is mine.

Really.

Yeah, well, fuck it, I mean --

I'm practically paying Dennie's
mortgage as it is

and I figured why not cut out
the middleman, you know?

Right.

I mean, I'm months away from
settling, but it's practically
a done deal.

Okay, cool.

Could you at least not be such
a total bitch about it between
now and then?

Wow! Uh ... sure, why not?

Thanks, Katie!

You're welcome.

So I was thinking tile. I could
do that myself --

Oh, hey Kirsten. Where you
going?

I'm going to fucking McNally's!

Is that for real?

Yeah, they're leftover from
Halloween.

Let's giddy up.

Hey! How much for the whole
shirt? I want it.

Get lost!

Yeah, real mature.

Yeah, get your old ass out of
here!

I ain't leaving 'til I got that
shirt.

I got sixteen bucks, so that's
like sixteen sucks?

Strike three, captain.

Oh, come on!

That guy, huh?

Welcome to my world.

Thank you. I love your world.

Hey, "wrong way" --

What?

-- I mean "Wang Mei"! I mean --

-- get us another round of
"pink tacos," will you?

Copy that.

How many more of those?

What the hell is a "pink taco"?

It's ... Knockov orange,
Knockov strawberry,

Knockov raspberry, Knockov sour
apple --

Basically it's a pint of vodka.

With cranberry and sour.

That's nutty.

Hey, we're going to go grab a
smoke. Can you watch our drinks?

You got it.

Killer.

No shit!

Where'd they go?

Just out for a smoke, but --
I'm ready to settle up.

You're not going to start a tab?

Not tonight.

All right, well have a good
night!

Lynn!

Hey.

Small world!

Yep!

What's up?

I was just going to check out
McNally's, I got a coupon --
"Ad Sheet"!

It's a cool place, I like it a
lot.

Hey, you know what? I just
wanted to let you know that

I'm really sorry that I
disappointed you and your
friends the other night,

I've just been fighting a ton
with Katie

and just couldn't handle a
couple more people at my house.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah -- they're gone, they took
off late last night, to ...

Champaign to go crash at his
cousin's, so you know ...

Hey listen, if your coupon's
still good for another couple
of days,

I have something in this bag
that you might take a shine to.

Shall we?

Except ... where are we going
to get a "whip-it cracker" at
this time of night?

We could always stop by the
Olde Un.

I have an idea! "Andiamo!"

Kirsten, shit! What's up?

We've come to party, earthlings.

You brought a friend, it's --
Lynn, right?

Didn't I give you a lift home
from Mojo's the other night?

"Absolutement!"

Can I get you ladies anything
to drink? I got some stones in
the fridge.

Hells yes!

That's pretty awesome ...
they're not cold or nothin,

but they're pretty expensive,
so ...

... here you go.

Is he going to be OK?

Yeah, he's fine. That's just
Brantly,

just fucking passed out drunk.

Ever since he got this
disgusting nipple piercing at
Dreamcatcher,

it's like he won't put his
shirt back on for nothin', and
...

it's like he's showing off his
fucking engagement ring or some
shit.

Check this out, hold on.

What the fuck?

Motherfucker!

You can't stay in there
forever, man, I live here now!

Fuck, man!

What the fuck you crazy bitches
want?

We brought "whip-its"!

That sounds pretty good,
actually.

Hey, I'm sorry I called you all
a bunch of crazy bitches --

you saw that fucker put hot
sauce in my shit!

You know what would really help
that, actually? Some fresh aloe
vera.

Yeah, well, you know what would
be really good?

Some nitrous oxide in my lungs
and brains, "yo."

Okay, you got a "whip-it
cracker"?

Oh, yeah!

Sweet.

Oh, shit. Balloons!

We got some balloons leftover
from Dawson's birthday party!

Yeah, I know how to treat the
ladies.

So, Brantly, you know my
friend, Lynn?

What's up? I'm Brantly.

"Avec plaisir."

What, are you from Mexico or
some shit?

Hey, you guys ever seen, like,
mixed martial arts fighting?

I'm into that shit, man, I
fucking rock out, man ...

What're you doing? Give me that.

Bunch of amateurs!

Show you how it's done -- show
you how we do it!

Oh! It's cold, it's cold.

Why, thank you madam.

Dude. I'm fucking flyin', man,
like --

Come to Kirsten!

I want my wings!

Oh my God!

You all ever go out to the
country, like, late at night,

and like, listen to bullfrogs
and shit?

Man -- they talk to you, dude.

God damn.

Hey, Kirsten ...

... do you remember that
weekend when we went looking
for the red fern?

It was because we'd both just
read "Where the Red Fern Grows"
...

... and I borrowed your dad's
hacksaw from the garage

because we thought that if we
cut down the red fern,

we would be rich for the rest of
our lives?

I needed seven stitches.

I know.

On the way to Columbia General,
though, your mom --

-- have I told you this story
before?

We were speeding down I-70 ...

... and I remember seeing this
station wagon --

this white station wagon. It
was over in the right lane,

and it was kind of wobbling,
like something was wrong with
the tire.

And all of a sudden, it skidded
and hit the shoulder --

ran over the grass, and just
plunged into ...

... into oblivion, I guess.

But, your mom -- I remember
your mom,

I looked at her and I said,
"Mrs. Reister, shouldn't we
stop?"

She just looked at me and she
said,

"no, honey, we have to get you
to the hospital."

And just kept driving.

Really? With all that blood and
everything?

So, but -- you said she was
good?

She and my dad got a divorce
right after I graduated school
and moved to Columbia.

I'm sorry, I didn't know.

Where does she live now?

I can't remember.

Don't you talk to her?

Oh, you know, I honestly doubt
she wants to hear

that her daughter is a
drunk-driving fuck-up with a
suspended license

and $30,000 worth of credit
card debt.

Last call. Any takers?

They're all mine.

You know what, guys --

it's times like this that you
really start to learn stuff
about life, you know?

It's like -- you can finally
get a handle on shit, you know,

everything's so hard everyday
and then --

-- suddenly, it's all better.

Holy shit! Kirsten!

Whoopsies.

No, Kirsten, don't! Because
you're going to --

Damn!

God!

Oh, man. That ain't good.

Okay, stay right there, okay?

Lynn?

Oh my God, Lynn. How bad is it?

What the fuck is going on in
here?

Kirsten, this doesn't look so
good.

Damn. You got to get that bitch
to the ER, "yo."

Seek medical attention and shit.

No!

We walked here!

You can just use my bike!

Todd!

Todd!

I need to borrow your car.

Todd!

I'm so embarrassed I want to
die.

Lynn, I don't know how many
times I have to ask, but please
--

Just, you know, don't talk!
It's going to be fine!

No it isn't, I can't afford
this shit! Just please, just --

turn around and take me home,
okay?

Maybe we could just call your
Aunt Barb, you know? She's
always been cool.

No! You can't do that, please!

We don't have to tell her what
really happened. You could just
--

tell her that you ran into a
door or something, I don't know.

Please don't, Lynn. Just
promise me you won't do that,
okay?

Do you take Discover?

Um, hi.

Is this Kirsten's Aunt Barb?

Kirsten Reister. Yes.

Um, I'm a friend of your
niece's, you probably don't
remember me, but I --

I'm here with Kirsten right
now, we're at the hospital --

no, she'll be fine.

She just had a little bit of an
accident, and --

no, no, she'll be fine.

I was just calling, actually,
because I was wondering if --

maybe I could get your credit
card information

and give it to these nice folks
here at the hospital?

Yeah.

No, no, you're right, it --

it doesn't seem sketchy,
doesn't it?

Yeah, you know --

maybe you were right, maybe we
should just get out of here.

All I want, Lynn, is just a big
Band-Aid for my face.

Please!

It's really starting to clot ...

... I bet that it's going to
scab in a couple of days, and --

in a week, or in a month --

you'll look great!

It's bleeding through a little
bit, so --

I'm just going to get that guy.

Okay, that's better -- right?

It's a little bit better, right?

You know what?

I'm going to call you tomorrow.

And I'm going to stop by.

Feel better, okay?

My life is over.

You look pretty "beat the fuck
up" there, Kirsten.

Seriously, what happened?

Um, I think that -- if I'm not
fired already, I quit.

No, no -- listen.

We're concerned. I'm concerned.
We just want to know --

Can we all just please act like
none of this ever happened
ever, please?

I have to go.

Kirsten?

Come on. open up, I can smell
you!

Okay. I was just kidding. Open
up.

Seriously. open up.

You're making me worried and
I'm getting pissed off. okay?

(cordless phone ringing)

Where is my fucking phone?

Hello?

Kirsten?

Oh. Hi. Aunt Barb.

Well. I'm on-line looking at
flights into Lambert. I'll
probably just end up

getting a rental car at the
airport. and if you need me to
--

No. please, Aunt Barb! Please,
please don't do that.

How do I get a call like that
and not want to come and see
you?

There's just really no need for
it.

What do I have going on that's
more pressing than being your
Aunt Barb?

I don't know. Stuff?

If you weren't okay. you'd let
me know, wouldn't you?

I am one-hundred percent
"okie-dokie." Aunt Barb. Double
pinkie swear.

And if that ever changes.
you'll let me know, right?

I will. I swear.

You know. you were always such
a headstrong and outgoing
child, Kirsten.

But I worry because I just
don't see that outgoing side of
you so much anymore.

The headstrong part is still
alive and well!

Doesn't surprise me that your
mom never could keep up with
you.

Hey. you remember that time I
took you to that matinee of
"Herbie Goes Bananas"

at the Forum and you were so
determined to go to the
restroom all by yourself.

but then you got locked in the
--

I love you Aunt Barb. but I'm
hanging up on you.

Jesus.

Still. you've got to admit --

-- it makes for a really funny
story.

Fuck off!

Sorry.

Whatever.

I just came by to see if I
could borrow your internet. I
have to send an email.

Sure. Beth's hanging out over
there if you want to stop by.

Thanks.

Hey.

I don't mean to interrupt --

-- and I know it's none of my
business --

-- but I just thought I would
say --

-- I've done some stupid stuff.
too, you know.

Excuse me?

I don't mean it like that.

I really don't. I just --

-- I've been through some
pretty serious shit in my life.
too.

The kind of stuff you don't
always feel

like sharing over polite dinner
conversation.

If you get my drift.

So. I just thought I would let
you know that

if you ever get to a point
where you feel like you've lost
control --

I'll let you know.

You got it.

"You're listening to 89.5 KOPN
in Columbia. Missouri."

"The show tonight is Women's
Issues. Women's Voices

and I'm your host Corri Flaker."

We have a special guest on
tonight.

Her name is Lynn Marie and
she's from New Franklin.

Say hi. Lynn!

Hi!

I was just thinking that. since
it's your first show,

what do you want to talk about?

Okay. First of all. Corri, I
guess I just want to thank you
for

giving me an opportunity to
intern here and be a part of
this station

because I think it's a really
special place.

In my life. you know I'm from
New Franklin

and I spent a lot of my life in
a pretty dark place.

and just sort of feeling stuck.
and judging myself --

-- and just recently. I don't
know, something just changed,

and I've been able to embrace
the positivity.

And since I've done that. I've
started interning here, you
know,

I started doing ecstatic dance.
which is just a conduit

to become more positive and
more aware. and --

-- I just ramble. sorry!

But I guess. yeah, I like
positivity. That's what I'd
like to talk about.

You know. thank you so much for
getting back to me,

that was really incredibly cool
of you.

Hey. no problem.

So what's up?

I'm sure you probably inferred
this from the email that I sent
you. but --

-- I would really love to help
you guys out on your tour.

I mean. if you'd have me.

I personally am not a fan of
last-minute additions to the
tour staff.

It's pretty cramped in the van
already.

Yeah. Right.

Listen. don't get me wrong, you
seem like a nice person and
everything --

Here's what I was thinking.
right?

You know. you guys are kicking
your tour off in Chicago, right?

Right.

Okay. So. what if I meet you
guys in Chicago and,

you know what. I just keep an
eye on your CDs and T-shirts
and stuff

and make sure nobody runs off
with them. and then --

you know. I could help schlep
gear and stuff to your van, and
--

as long as maybe I'm not a
total pain in the ass.

I could graduate to some
ride-along detail.

I mean. you know -- I'm also
really flexible,

I could probably try to get
rides to the next show.

I'm a resourceful girl!

I mean. if you want to help out
at the show in Chicago,

I'm not going to tell you "no."

Even that. You have no idea
what this would mean to me.

Yeah. I don't want to speak for
the other guys, but --

if you cart as much gear as
everybody else.

I'm sure they'll be cool with
it.

Yeah. you can count on me for
that. You know, I'm good.

Then. that's awesome!

Um. give me a call if you need
to check in, otherwise --

-- I'll see you next week?

Totally. See you then!

All right. I'll see you later.

Okay. so what's the address
again?

It's "mike4204ever" at
bluntster dot com.

B-L-U-N-T-S-T-E-R dot com. Got
it.

So I will email you from the
road and let you know how
things are going.

Sure thing.

Okay.

And. uh, thanks for letting me
store my vinyl at your place.

No sweat. You could say it's a
--

mutually beneficial arrangement.

All right. wish me luck!

Bye!

Nice!

Amazing!

I know!

Lynn. I can't thank you enough
for this.

You would not believe the
amount of convincing I had to do

to get Todd to sign off on this.

Count me as grateful and
appreciative.

Todd. right?

At least something good came of
all this.

Shotgun!

Later later. Columbia! Road
trip!

Mom.

Honey! Hey!

It's good to see you.

What took you so long?

Well. that's a complicated
question.

Honey. I'm sorry. It doesn't
matter. Really.

So Aunt Barb told me that
you're living in Cedar Rapids.

How long has that been?

Almost four years. Can you
believe it?

Yeah. I can. It's been a long
time. Except that --

Time passes so quickly. right?

Well. I'm having a glass of the
shiraz. How about you?

I can't even remember the last
time I had a drink before
sundown.

Oh. Kirsten, I'm sorry. I
didn't mean to put you on the
spot or anything.

No. mom, it's fine.

Sounds good. I'll have one too.

Hey ladies.

Hi.

Can I start you off with
something to drink?

Yes. we're going to have two
glasses of the shiraz, please.

Okay. I'll be right back.

Thank you.

So Aunt Barb tells me that
you're back in Columbia

and you're working with some
local record label?

Aunt Barb sure does love to
talk!

Yeah!

Yeah. I just started out as a
filing clerk, and then --

I was managing the on-line
division. and then --

I was balancing the books. And
then --

Yeah?

Well. now -- I'm the vice
president of business affairs.

Wow. Really? Well well!

It's a vanity title.

Hey. you were never one to
promote your achievements.
Bully for you!

So. uh -- what's the label
called?

Emergency Umbrella.

Well. that's a peculiar name.

But. it doesn't matter.

Kirsten ...

... I'm really proud of you.

Are there any bands on the
label that I might have heard
about?

Bald Eagle?

No.

Just goes to show you how out
of touch your mom is.

Gosh. I wonder where our drinks
are.

Kirsten.

Hey. Kirsten!

Kirsten!

I didn't want you to miss this.

"Quel tableau. n'est-ce pas?"

"Mais oui."

